1	"100 Butches Number 12" moved to the West and was disconcerted to find that she didn't draw lesbian attention in the way she had in Singapore.
2	$100 for one month's supply.
3	$1 million identity theft insurance§$1 million identity theft insurance§If you do become a victim, rest assured we've got you covered.
4	"52 Week Low" is the lowest sales price the stock has fallen to during the regular trading hours during the most recent 52 week period.
5	A 12,000-person workforce comes together in huge buildings throughout the siteto create every 737 in the world.
6	A 21-cannon salute outside the arena hailed the inauguration and Nigerian soldiers marched in precision drills.
7	A 3.5mm jack is placed at the bottom of the phone.
8	A 5.6 magnitude earthquake shook parts of the US Midwest earlier this morning, rattling homes from Nebraska to North Texas.
9	A. All of our customers have somewhat similar data problems – some have difficulty handling new information requests, others have problems dealing with growing volumes of information, or processing their data in new and different ways.
10	AA puts out a list of which airports qualify for these discounted flights every month.
11	“A baby’s involved, it’s deeper than rap / We talkin’ character, let me keep with the facts / You are hiding a child, let that boy come home,” raps.
12	Abbi fends off two restaurant employees who are trying to force her to put on a formal jacket.
13	A big thanks to the contributors!
14	• A biting polemic on the cultural tone of today: Snark tells the story of that nasty combination of snide and sarcasm that goes beyond irony and satire to just plain ugliness.
15	A blend of luscious, natural vanilla with lightly roasted coffee.
16	A board was assembled with Lee Child, Tess Gerritsen and others.
17	A book about finding your true self- no matter how old you are, or how damaged you may be.
18	A book that will be remembered.
19	About 12 years ago, in early July, I noticed that every time I entered my snake room, all three of my adult males were at the front of their cages, moving continuously back and forth.
20	About Gamma Display Assist, can this function be used when playing back?
21	About Mapwords Inc.: Since its incorporation in 2015, Mapwords has strived to be the nation's leading innovators in the field of local search applications, business promotion, and advertising services to America's small and medium businesses.
22	About to die, Walter wants to apologize.
23	About two years ago, the Spark Technology Center (STC) launched to accelerate enterprise adoption of a critical technology in the distributed analytics space.
24	"above all else, and there is nothing wrong with that."
25	Above all, however, learning how to revise is a personal process.
26	A boy at summer camp.
27	A bronchoscopy may be performed in order to evaluate symptoms such as a persistent cough or coughing up blood, but can also be used to treat some conditions, such as bleeding in the airways, or removal of a foreign body.
28	Absurdity on every level here.
29	A building or other structure.‘the central waterway was a spectacular construction’
30	A buyer’s perception of a dirty house translates to it being worth less.
31	"Academics tend each to work in their own field of expertise—historians, linguists, social scientists, economists—and the results of their work have to be brought together, like so many threads, to see the pattern."
32	Acadian, which managed more than $99 billion in assets as of March 31, hasn’t disappointed.
33	A California jury found Jose Ines Garcia Zarate, 54, not guilty of murder Thursday for the shooting death of the 32-year-old Steinle, on a San Francisco pier in July 2015.
34	A CAPEX (Capital Expenditure) is money invested by a company to acquire or upgrade fixed, physical, non-consumable assets, such as buildings and equipment or a new business.
35	A Caribbean Night— with fresh lobster barbecue, beach bonfires and local performers—makes for a sizzling celebration.
36	A CBO is critical, considering that the business needs to understand and track the value of the cloud assets in operations.
37	Accessories and apps I use to get the best possible shots with my iPhone.
38	According to an article by PBS, reading to your child starting at infancy increases their brain development, language skills, cognition, and even helps them learn to deal with new situations.
39	According to an employee-benefits survey released last year, just 4% of employers offer mortgage assistance to their relocating employees, down from 12% in 1996.
40	According to founder Garrett Finney, “Our dealers wanted something with more sleeping room to round out our family of products beyond the Cricket, which is designed for 2 adults and 2 younger children," Finney says.
41	According to its website, the family program is designed to build an understanding of addiction for loved ones while supplying families with the skills necessary to confront problems.
42	According to Sharma, instead of promoting sugarcane farming through doles, the government should incentivise other crops.
43	According to the APWG’s new Phishing Activity Trends Report, phishing in the first part of 2018 surged 46 percent higher than late 2017.
44	According to the cat chart, I have two mature cats and one cat entering his prime.
45	According to the Census Bureau surveys that’s more than claim to be American (20.1 million).
46	According to the congressman, US lawmakers have not yet decided on exactly how to approach regulating digital currencies.
47	According to the facility website, Oxford Treatment Center does not accept Medicaid but does accept most commercial insurance plans.
48	According to the internal bank form tellers fill out after each robbery, Shipp originally described the suspect as 6 feet, 175 pounds, with a slender build.
49	Acetone is a chemical that reacts with the gel nail to loosen its adhesive and free it from your natural nail.
50	Acidification and warming threaten all coral reefs and are changing the chemical balance of the seas.
51	AC: My plots originate with character, but then it’s my job as the author to mess that character’s life up in the most interesting way possible.
52	A combination stove-oven cooking technique gave us pub-style burgers with a crusty exterior and juicy interior that were evenly rosy from center to edge.
53	A complex mixture of esters from jojoba oil and hydrogenated jojoba oil.
54	A component of a homeowners or renters insurance policy, comprehensive personal liability insurance protects the policyholder and members of the household against claims or lawsuits of bodily injury or property damage.
55	A couple of blog readers said hello at the con, which was very nice (Todd, John, good to meet you).
56	A couple of hot tips regarding summer festivals: The Vermont Symphony Orchestra commences its Gifts of Nature tour on Sunday, July 1, at the Suicide Six Ski Area in South Pomfret.
57	A couple of them are kickers, if you lean your head toward their side they'll break your cheekbone or put out an eye.
58	Acquiring the company could enable HP to take a much more dominant position in the growing market for what Autonomy’s Lynch dubs “meaning-based computing.”
59	A creative destination where painters, photographers, collectors, designers and art lovers of all kinds gather to connect, collaborate, and celebrate creativity!
60	A criminal defense lawyer is probably the attorney the average person imagines.
61	Across all sales channels there was a slight year on year improvement in the bookmaker's margin from 17.2 percent to 17.5 percent.
62	Active minds read critically, questioning what they have read as the reader blends his or her own experiences, knowledge and observations with the author's raw ingredients.
63	Activity 3: How Does Oxygen Get to My Muscles?
64	Actually, it is always a shock to me, whether good or bad.
65	Actually, the same seems to be true in conversation with my friends and family, around the water cooler at work, and even, sadly, in my graduate studies.
66	A culinary adventure awaits you this Valentine’s Day.
67	Ad Age readers might have caught an a couple of weeks ago about Chrysler and Organic’s predictive media spend modeling.
68	Adam's work has been included in group shows in Osaka, San Francisco, New York, Tokyo and Nashville.
69	A Day in the Life of a Seventeen Web Intern Interns across the country are spilling to Seventeen what their internships are really like.
70	A day later, when I decided to get them: poof!
71	Add anchovies and cook over medium-low heat, stirring, until anchovies melt into the oil, 2 to 3 minutes.
72	Add darts as desired.
73	Add flour, pistachio paste and chopped pistachios and mix on low until combined.
74	Add half of cilantro, chicken stock, and chicken pieces.
75	Add images to your "favorites" collection for later commenting and purchasing.
76	Add in a powerful demon who works through a culture of men threatened by these self-sufficient, independent women and you have a summer entertainment whose themes couldn’t be more relevant today.
77	Adding a platform beneath the feeder or choosing a feeder design with a wide base can minimize spilled hulls and loose seed, or birders can put a screen, newspaper or an outdoor rug underneath feeders to catch spills.
78	Adding new customers typically makes the network more valuable for all participants because it increases the probability that everyone will find something that meets their needs.
79	Additionally, adding a secondary DNS service to your existing DNS solution can harden your defenses and optimize availability.
80	Additionally, customers can employ message expiration policies to prevent replay attacks.
81	Additionally, is set in the environment.
82	Additionally, lock task mode gives the IT administrator a more robust way to manage COSU devices, as discussed below.
83	Additionally, she has starred in multiple independent feature films including THEY DIE BY DAWN alongside Rosario Dawson, Idris Elba, and Erykah Badu, and THINGS NEVER SAID opposite Dorian Missick, Omari Hardwick, and Michael Beach.
84	Additionally, she writes about requirements methodologies in journals, white papers, and blog posts.
85	Additionally, their retail deposits, I'm quoting here, grew to over $23 billion.
86	Additionally, the "Stop" button in the upper left will immediately cut your video feed reconnecting you to another user.
87	Additionally, you can always reach out to have a sales engineer help you with the install, but you will still need to have instances (local or remote resources) available.
88	Additionally, you can talk to your website hosting company or us at Square 205 if you have any questions or concerns about your site’s traffic capabilities or security.
89	Add the broccoli and toss to coat.
90	Add the ginger, garlic, salt, and pepper and sautee 5 mins.
91	A dealer at a gun show must also run a background check before the gun changes hands.
92	A decade ago, she was often on road eight months per year.
93	A dedicated certificate is strongly recommended, both for branding and technical reasons.
94	A diabetic since childhood, Jay’s motto was “Life is short.
95	Adjusted diluted EPS from continuing operations of $1.02, vs. $1.15 in 2012 Reported diluted EPS from continuing operations of $2.66, vs. $0.98 in 2012.
96	Adler’s figures trace to research based on ICE data, though our review of the figures suggests that fewer detainer requests might have been refused by local law enforcement agencies.
97	Administrator of the Year: The Charles E. Scripps Award for the Journalism & Mass Communication Administrator of the Year is given in collaboration with the Association for Education in Journalism and Mass Communication (AEJMC).
98	Admins use the remote move migration wizard on the Office 365 tab in the Exchange admin center to send mailboxes to the data center.
99	Admittedly, there is no quick and easy solution, but it seems we all agree we cannot lose sight of humanity.
100	Adobe says AIR will allow any company with a Web site to inhabit a permanent spot on people's desktops.
101	A domain for all the islands of Micronesia.
102	Adonis Pro offers exciting Menu Options!
103	A door gently closing, carried on a slight draught, more than possible.
104	Advanced SystemCare 11 is the latest edition of IObit's feature-packed PC maintenance suite.
105	Advertising formats that are displayed in set spaces on a publisher’s page.
106	Advocates note Prosperity's racial diversity--a welcome exception to the American norm--and point out that some Prosperity churches engage in significant charity.
107	AdWords customers find out the total number of users who have clicked on their adverts and who have been forwarded to a page with a conversion tracking tag.
108	A dynamic agency or department leading the way in public service, or an organization struggling with behind-the-times equipment and software unable to properly fulfill its mission?
109	Aerobic exercise is the best way to burn calories.
110	Afaa Michael Weaver won Claremont Graduate University's $100,000 Kingsley Tufts Poetry Award for his collection The Government of Nature (University of Pittsburgh Press).
111	A fascinating article at Collectors Weekly takes us through the history of automata from around the world with plenty of pictures and videos.
112	"A fascinating read, so good I rationed myself.
113	A few of the stories that Ms. O'Farrell told I wished had more to it.
114	A few small bugs were fixed in the wordpress code, improving compatibility with other plugins and themes.
115	A few years ago, I attempted an inventory, and also got one boxfull photographed.
116	A few years into the 48HBC, people suggested connecting the informal readathon to charity.
117	AFEX™ CN20C - A-Line Products - datasheetSwitch to another industry coatings.
118	Affiliates are introducers, influencers, closers, not just closers.
119	A Field Guide to Developers – Joel on SoftwareI’m Joel Spolsky, a software developer in New York City.
120	A fine example of early 19th-century British humor.
121	A food, drink, drug, or herb may decrease or increase the effects of a medication, prevent it from working, or increase or decrease medication side effects.
122	A former brown thumb explores broad questions about plants that have puzzled scientists for centuries.
123	A fourth potential roadblock to managing cloud environments once they have been deployed.
124	Africanist M.D.W Jeffreys combed the written sources and the African linguistic and archeological evidence and came to the conclusion that maize was known in West Africa in pre-Columbian times.
125	After about 30 minutes, check if potatoes are soft, then drain in a colander.
126	After a broadcast journalism degree and a foray into television production overseas, she craved a more hands-on artistic pursuit.
127	After a bus full of Americans is blown up in Rome, Harvath travels to Europe to track down a man known as the Troll, who's been implicated in the bombing.
128	After a cool reception to his Frieze week performance, Kalup Linzy talks London vs. New York, the revival of his soul-singer persona Taiwan and what's next for him and James Franco.
129	After all, Android has only been around for 9 years while Apple was founded in the late 1970s.
130	After all, who can deny a cancer patient?
131	After a quick search, I found a $300 flight to Brisbane, where I rented a car for $100 and drove down the east coast to Sydney.
132	After a rocky start, and the death of one team member, expedition leader Hermann Hilprecht hit pay dirt: The initial site selected proved to be Nippur— a holy city of the Sumerians and Akkadians.
133	After being named a game captain the outside linebacker learned a new lesson in football.
134	After bit parts in pictures, many live television shows, and two New York stage successes, Dean was on the verge of mega-stardom.
135	After bringing acclaim to Freedmen’s as the restaurant’s opening chef and then cooking in various pop-ups, Evan LeRoy put up his own shingle.
136	After Charlotte and I looked so carefully for the one of the National Cathedral after the ALA in 2010, I am disappointed to have been at the Abbey twice - and never seen it!
137	After haggling over a car trip cap on a 32.8-acre piece of the old Garza Ranch — at least four different figures were on the table — the Austin City Council gave preliminary approval late Thursday night to a sizable increase.
138	After having discussions with my Mom (in relation to this movie) I realized that, yes, everyone does have expectations, but that's not the reason that they work so hard to build a child's future.
139	After his arrest, Afridi was interrogated repeatedly by the ISI.
140	After his barrage of bullets hit their mark square in the freak’s wooden chest plate, he turns to me and grins.
141	After his brother, Damon Salvatore, betrays him in New Orleans, Stefan starts over in Manhattan.
142	After his mother is hauled away for crimes such as having an "anti-revolutionary" electric fan, Niu moves in with Ling's family, then is taken away, "re-educated" and returns to denounce Ling's father and have him arrested.
143	After I begged and pleaded, Louisa reluctantly agreed.
144	After just 40 minutes my brain would begin to feel ready to explode, after having frantically searched every available cell for Russian words.
145	After Martin’s Instagram page was flooded with well-wishers and praise, she wrote, “I can’t believe I am waking up to headlines with me and my daughter in them for doing something I do every day.”
146	After Mexico gained its independence from Spain in 1821, Mexico City became the nation's capital and kept growing into a modern city as it is today.
147	After oral administration of hydrochlorothiazide, begins within 2 hours, peaks in about 4 hours, and lasts about 6 to 12 hours.
148	After pâtés are cooked, many will need to be weighted and refrigerated.
149	After peeling the label back I finally figured out what the hell they were referencing.
150	After Perseus was killed, the Hulk killed Piecemeal and appeared to kill the Madman, but no body was found.
151	After providing further parental consent, we may offer parents the opportunity to use a password in future communications as a way to confirm the parent’s identity.
152	After releasing four beta versions and a release candidate as part of the new update process, WordPress 4.9 has been finally shipped to everyone.
153	After rolls have thawed, assemble one at a time.
154	After several weeks, there was no appreciable difference in height or colour in the 2 lots of seedlings for all but one of the students, where the seedlings watered with microwaved water was slightly taller.
155	After signing some paperwork, and paying for the scooter in cash but leaving an imprint of my credit card behind (nothing in Cefalu is really high tech), I followed the shop owner to where they park the scoots.
156	After some internal debate it was decided that continuing this effort would be less effective.
157	After some late night and last minute discussions (it was nearly 10pm by that time), we decided to friendlily divide the egg whites into two batches (approximately-exactly seven and a half egg whites each:) and proceed each with our own recipe.
158	After some reversing, we find that RKP’s stage 2 translation table is in fact embedded in the RKP binary itself.
159	After spending millions on ‘celebrities,’ I’ve seen better results from influencers with a smaller but much more niched following than from the widely popular ones.”
160	After surviving a rougher-than-usual regular season and beating top-seeded Houston in Game 7 on the road in the West finals, the Warriors pushed aside James and joined an elite group of teams to win multiple championships in a four-year span.
161	After that first week, we all met in the factory itself and decided what the action plan was.
162	After that I was never able to walk away from the glories of lost civilizations.
163	After that period has expired, this information is de-linked from any browser or device identifier, but may be kept for research and used as set forth in this Privacy Policy.
164	After that there was a period when she spent most of her time in her chair, the one next to the couch, occasionally doing things, going out, whatnot.
165	After the children's adventure in the tunnels, when they are saved by Worm, some of the dark magic they encounter has affected Ana's dragon, Kepri.
166	After the defeats I mentioned earlier, I would be overcome.
167	After the fourth book, when I was scraping the ceiling for a rationale, I realized something had to change.
168	After the home is purchased, the buyer also used an escrow account to pay property taxes and home insurance charges incurred as a homeowner.
169	After the total actual audio latency is calculated from above approach, this number can be passed to video processing module, so the video latency can be checked and adjusted to match audio latency.
170	After two seasons of excavating, the ruins at Kh.
171	After updating a tag, Razor reevaluates the tag against all nodes.
172	Afterwards I felt validated for not rushing my son to do something he wasn't ready to do and I felt joy knowing that my little boy was proud of himself for his newly gained independence.
173	After we read, and re-read, the special report, we wanted to share five highlights with you that should certainly make you want to read the full document.
174	After, when you think you can't take anymore, they gently cup your V with their whole hand.
175	"After World War II, the Cubs were a bad team for 20 years.
176	After years of analyzing threat actor behavior, it’s become clear that at any given time there are specific tactics, techniques, and procedures (TTPs) that are particularly prevalent.
177	After you create a face collection and store faces, you can search a face collection for face matches.
178	A full bar stocked with all manner of libations will wet your whistle until you grow peckish.
179	A functioning press and democracy require criticism, transparency, and consequences for journalistic mistakes.
180	A function is a reusable chunk of code.
181	Again catch bus 13 and get off after 3 stops at which once was the headquarters of the Chinese Communist Party from 1930s to 1940s.
182	Again, he lumps authors with publishers, but this deal is all about the fact that authors and publishers are in the same boat.
183	Again, it's coincidental that the underlying object is a hash; it could have been an array, but the code would have been less clear.
184	Again someone that does nothing but searches google.
185	Again, thanks for your part in helping to normalize all kinds of families.
186	Again, the point of this is to make these visually different as quick glance while still feeling "natural".
187	Again, whispering, the child answered, "The search team just landed a helicopter."
188	Again, you’re selling a new life, not your life.
189	Agent's answer: "They're not the only publisher in town."
190	Agents with admin privileges can create automated email reports.
191	AG: I have two teenage daughters, and I've watched both of them read comments like that on the feeds they follow, and I've seen the damage you're speaking of happening in real time.
192	A good engineer understands that an optimization problem is meaningless without a target.
193	A good way to slow down and read with your kids during the busy holiday season.
194	A great complement to GM Voices’ core voice-over services for IVR and CS Technologies.
195	A great president.
196	A great tribute to our fallen heroes.
197	A great way to locate prospective local clients is to watch TV commercials and listen to the radio.
198	Agreed with Marlon, I’d love any insight Basecamp folks would be willing to share.
199	A Green Line train rumbles along at the intersection of Commonwealth Avenue and Harvard Street in Allston.
200	A group called Positive Coaching Alliance is training thousands of coaches and parents to change to culture of youth sports for the better.
201	Ah, broken link.
202	A healthy thing.
203	A highly rated mini-band can be purchased for less than $18 on Amazon.
204	Air Canada spun off its frequent flyer program Aeroplan into a separate company.
205	Air Emissions Management - Air emissions that pose a hazard to the environment are to be characterised, routinely monitored, controlled and treated as required prior to discharge.
206	AirPlay can, of course, be used from iTunes to stream the entire to an Apple TV, but even in this case there is no standard way to stream only the audio component while playing back video on a Windows PC itself.
207	Airports that do not cooperate with the new measures or are too slow to adopt them “could be subject to other restrictions—including a ban on electronic devices on their airplanes, or even a suspension of their flights to the United States,” Kelly added.
208	A Job Alert is an automated search that will search the most recently posted job postings on the job board, when it finds job postings that match the criteria you set it will send you an email alerting you of these job postings.
209	A jury still has to decide if will receive the death penalty or life imprisonment over the 2015 Charleston church shooting.
210	Akashic Books continues its award-winning series of original noir anthologies, launched in 2004 with Brooklyn Noir.
211	A knowledge-tracking algorithm models what rules a student has mastered, according to Koedinger.
212	Alaina showed a similar dedication to her faith.
213	Alan Burlison pointed out that calling close() on listen socket that has blocking accepts() will not interrupt them.
214	Alan Dershowitz: Mueller Probe, FBI Full Of ‘Republicans Who Hated Trump’ - The Daily CallerAlan Dershowitz: Mueller Probe, FBI Full Of ‘Republicans Who Hated Trump’
215	A large portion of Ansible's functionality comes from the plugin system.
216	A large portion of the book is focused on romance, which did not bother me, but if others are looking for a more fantasy heavy book they may be disappointed.
217	A large survey of distant galaxies shows the largest structures in the universe: filaments, walls of galaxy super-clusters, and voids, basically empty space.
218	Albany County prosecutor did freelance work for top defense.
219	Aleix our co-founder at Mobcon EU in Bulgaria.
220	A lender’s reporting practices can affect a borrower’s credit score significantly.
221	Alessandra Ambrosio is happy to be back in her Brazilian stomping grounds.
222	Alex, against his own judgment and at considerable risk to his honor, accepts Pen’s help to find the spy and protect British interests in India.
223	Algorithm playing modification of “Hey, That's My Fish!”
224	Alice moved back to the United States permanently in the 1960s to live with her daughter.
225	Aligning with IT org's overall strategic, financial, and project goals every quarter; The goal is to mitigate and improve price efficiencies.
226	Ali isn’t quite like all the other natural beauty and personal care entrepreneurs out there.
227	A link containing whitespace as link text caused the attribute to be read out in JAWS 7.10 and JAWS 8.0 in Internet Explorer and Firefox.
228	A little girl raised up and answered, "RED!"
229	A little kid wanted to pet it because it kind of looked like a chia pet.
230	A little research turns up a slew of murders with that same fiendish signature.
231	All 50 items appeared correctly on the printed receipt, stopping the clock to establish a game-changing pace of 58 items-per-minute.
232	All but paralyzed with pain, Mary seeks relief from a New Agey treatment called Pneuma Adaptive Kinesthesia, PAKing for short.
233	All day Sunday-Thursday and until 5 PM on Friday and Saturday.
234	Allegations that Greitens conducted an extramarital affair hours after the first-term Republican had finished his second “State of the State” address at the Missouri State Capitol in Jefferson City.
235	Allegedly there’s contingent of conservative “Christians” who are Russia-friendly because of these policies, which is quite believable.
236	Alleged violation of the Establishment Clause of the Constitution by a publicly funded school district and addressed whether or not a certain belief fell under the definition of “religion.”
237	Allen Ebert, 73, reminisced about his working days in an interview with grandson Isaiah Ebert, 15, also recorded in 2016 in Flint.
238	All engine blocks were iron, but Corvettes and F-body cars had aluminum heads.
239	All entries must be received within the Designated Playtime and include the correct Designated Code for such Designated Playtime to be valid.
240	All flight departure dates and hotel check-out dates are determined by local time at origin of flight departure or hotel stay.
241	All four placed within the top 25 accelerating markets in the previous quarter's report.
242	All he has to do is find the Holder: a powerful device created by mad devisers—and now in the hands of an ancient Strange who was banished to walk this earth.
243	All highlighting has disappeared however.
244	Allianz Championship: First of five wins in 2010 came in dramatic fashion at the Allianz Championship.
245	All I can say is that the little turkeybird is one awesome boy!
246	All I can think of is that scene from The Road Warrior where the mohawk guy is all KILL THEM!
247	All is well until Don Logan, a criminal from Gal’s past, show up.
248	All I want is that one person who can never leave my mind.
249	All joint fines were ignored.
250	Allmond was good on a trey from the left wing and the Cajuns lead was down to 34-30.
251	All of a sudden, the tree had at least one branch.
252	All of its assets and liabilities are owned through Icahn Enterprises Holdings and all of its operations are conducted through Icahn Enterprises Holdings and its subsidiaries.
253	All of our systems were patched and updated by 1pm today (Sept 25th).
254	All of the links we track tell us how people are behaving as far as what they click on.
255	All of the things I have been eating prior to seeing physician’s assistant are so called “no-no’s”.
256	All of the ways they make meatballs.
257	All of this is an academic exercise: Precourt wants a property-tax free deal.
258	All of which made me happy for a couple of reasons.
259	All others, we reserve the right to reject your order or prorate your term to reflect current standard pricing.
260	All our data's now behind an API, and so we're starting to get into some semblance of good shape, but there still a whole mix of different technologies living back there, lots of different moving parts.
261	Allow me to pause here and interrupt your expectations.
262	Allow your nail to cool off to a slightly lower temperature than you would normally.
263	All payments are handled via a credit card or PayPal.
264	All Purchase Orders shipping to the Follett Virtual Campus at the address below must include the purchase order information in reference field 1 on parcel shipments and within the Bill of Lading notes on LTL.
265	All right, so this is the Solar System app, which you may have seen at some of the other sessions here at Dub-Dub.
266	'All terrorists are basically migrants'
267	All that protection comes as a price as the Otterbox Defender case is priced currently at $49.95 on Amazon.
268	All that said, I do agree with you: Buying a $2 coffee and then using your time to create things of value is a lot better than spending $2 and then just wasting the day away.
269	All that saved him was the kiss of The One, the girl who saw nobility through his slimy form and fell into True Love.
270	All the data and information we work with are an important source to monetize the audience in the most effective way.
271	All the files managed by NotePuppy are stored in a central directory.
272	All the major brands are here but there's also huge, gleaming malls, the world’s oldest toy shop and the department store that’s a tourist attraction in its own right.
273	All the romance novels on the romance shelf have slender, nerdy, paleontology-major Nice Guy heroes?
274	All these can be enticing intellectual exercises, challenges to our wits and senses.
275	All they are trying to do is deliver on requirements.
276	All things come from the Father and through the Son.
277	All those papers are owned by Digital First Media and Alden Global Capital, a vulture hedge fund that snaps up devalued assets and then strips them for parts.
278	All types used in a program must be defined in the types block.
279	All users, including service accounts such as must exist in the LDAP domain.
280	“All you are is a fucking body to ’em.
281	All you democrats who opposed W's war in Iraq are now reunited with Team Neocon.
282	Alma, who is still in her bathing suit, says, “Even the swimming pool?”
283	Almost universally praised by critics for its endlessly stylish, relentlessly brutal action and ruthlessly efficient story-telling, Mad Max bagged Best Picture and Best Director Oscar nominations.
284	A loan is a contract between lender and borrower.
285	A lock that multiple applications on multiple hosts can use to restrict access to some shared resource, such as a file.
286	Aloha Chris, thank you so much for this absolutely great article, I am much obliged.
287	Along the Embarcadero just north of the Ferry Plaza, this restaurant offers up clean California dishes with a view.
288	Along the way, readers can expect some laughs, but also some impressive insight.
289	Along the way, the Indian government is collecting a vast supply of data on pollution trends, sources, chemical compositions and more.
290	Along the way, they face setbacks and challenges, and the knowledge they are not the only team of hunters looking for Sirena.
291	Along with Detroit, Denver ranks as the eighth-best city for women in tech.
292	Along with Puppet Enterprise 2018.1, we’re also revealing new products and innovations across our portfolio.
293	A lot more happened this week so go to our and check out the week’s other news or use our nifty date searcher at the top of the page for news on any particular day.
294	A lot of people think of soil a dirt, just something that you have to put bleach on your britches to get it cleaned out.
295	"A lot of posters are for the lesser movies that want to pretend they're better than they actually are," typography writer Yves Peters told Vox.
296	A lot of red carpet.
297	A lot of the most clever-sounding business ideas are a little too clever.
298	Already activated your Access ID?
299	Already feeding kitty a premium diet but still seeing a dull coat?
300	Alright, I’m going to end it here.
301	Also, a few of our Riads were quite chilly, so I would recommend packing a heavy pair of sweatpants and a sweatshirt for nighttime.
302	Also, applying a garlic gel with 1% ajoene seems to be about as effective as the medicine for treating athlete's foot.
303	Also available is my ks.cfg file, with code to modify the system for headless operation.
304	Also, certain effects would ring a tad metallic in the upper midrange and treble, sounding a little chintzy at times.
305	Also, didn’t link any stories because it’s lazy Sunday and I’m not as great as OP.
306	Also, fifty smacks for two empty bottles, a funnel, a strainer and some spices?
307	Also he and I used to talk about new adventures for M.T. Graves in The Dungeon!
308	Also, HMOs require you to select a primary-care physician, which means you must obtain a referral from him or her before you can see any specialists, a policy that keeps costs down but delays you in getting care.
309	Also, I know a guy whose brother’s, mother-in-law’s, half-brother knows a lady whose son’s, son-in-law went to school with a guy who knows a guy at Bain Capital that said what he told Reid was a crock of bullsh!t.
310	Also I love your goals!
311	Also included are great references to other subject matter experts, allowing you to explore beyond this text and learn more about this subject.
312	Also in today's EMEA roundup: Deutsche Telekom's earnings up; ADVA's revenues rise; MTN drops Nigerian lawsuit; Cisco's Russian SON.
313	Also, it's a great chance to enhance your SEO rankings!
314	Also known as shutter delay, it is most noticeable in compact digital cameras.
315	Also make sure to read the link given below, in order to provide a most useful bug report.
316	Also one of the fictional loves of Stephanie's life, Peter Parker is all around awesome.
317	Also, on the Rowand numbers, I'd give BJO the advantage IF they were predicting that he'd play 1/2 the year hurt and get the numbers he did.
318	Also on the singles side as the "every day" people are Tor'i Brooks, Victoria Alario, and Chris Pearson.
319	Also, polygon soups often do not have as many vertices as polygon primitives (they merge identical vertices).
320	Also, remember too that drinking unfiltered caffeinated coffee will elevate your cholesterol.
321	Also sharing an interest in faery, Elizabeth Hand's (Morrow), might just be the most beautifully written novel of the year.
322	Also the Alaskan crabs are definitely a treat and no lettuce- yes please!
323	‘Also, the burning of methane turns the carbon in it into a compound (carbon dioxide) that is far less potent as a greenhouse gas.’
324	Also, the cumulative need for colectomy after 10 years was 9.8%, nearly 50% of the patients were relapse free in the last five years of the study, and only 20% of the patients with proctitis or left-sided disease progressed to pancolitis.
325	Also, the plan would effectively double the standard deduction, bringing it to $12,000 for individuals and $24,000 for couples.
326	Also, these manual configurations are never the most optmized.
327	Also, today I scored some lovely Obama kneesocks.
328	Also “Tuesday” by David Wiesner — puts a grin on every face.
329	Also, unable to use the postal service in an effective way, but that's beside the point.
330	Altar boy of the year, soccer player, and son of a police officer.
331	Alternatively, channel in your own home design by accenting an all-white color scheme with pastel shades and playful décor.
332	Alternatively, you can administer salt tablets.
333	Although a lot of devs are really into collaboration, we feel like they don’t want to always have to go to a partner and spend so much time preparing documents and telling them specifically what to do where and how.
334	Although Blos is able to use the format to drop in some intriguing slice-of-life details, such as the maple sugaring process, I felt like most of the characters were thin and underdeveloped.
335	Although common locations typically follow, cemeteries, old desolate houses or sanitariums, but the fact of the matter remains, any location that could have harbored a death can be the perfect setting for a ghost story.
336	Although he was born and raised in a small town in Wyoming, Bachicha said that "coming out was never an issue," for him.
337	Although it is generally unlawful to possess a bird, mammal, fish, amphibian or reptile that may not be legally sold, in a restaurant or other eating establishment, there are specific exceptions that would apply in your situation.
338	Although it is the 19th Inspector Lynley novel, A Banquet of Consequences harks back to earlier installments in the series and could serve as an excellent introduction to Thomas Lynley and Barbara Havers's entertainingly odd teamwork for new readers.
339	Although it may seem like rushing makes sense in your moment of panic, it usually ends up costing more money, causing more frustration, and not turning out how you or your client wants it.
340	Although I will agree that the wool is a bit scratchy it is not terrible.
341	Although I would be happy to win any!
342	Although Kitty took a backseat the whole time.
343	Although lately more paramount crystals than I would like which makes the coating not crisp when dry.
344	Although let's be honest, this whole thing is just crazy.
345	Although microservices are the cool kid in town, there is a lot more demand in legacy enterprises to move legacy workloads than there is to build net new cloud native apps.
346	Although not sure it needs it - the food was delicous - and looks like they've taken your advice to heart as they have fish sauce on the tables and a spicy version of nuoc cham available.
347	Although photography filters aren’t in short supply for smartphone cameras, Prisma went one step further by promising to take the cues of one artistic style and apply them intelligently to a different image.
348	Although she acknowledged his war weariness, Lydia Williams confessed, “in I would like to see you wear the upon your shoulders.”
349	Although sometimes it cut Irma Rose to the bone when she recognized her daughter’s penmanship: Return to sender.
350	Althought this book is marketed as fiction, it reads more like a biography.
351	“Although we cannot claim that novelty causes retweets or that novelty is the only reason why false news is retweeted more often, we do find that false news is more novel and that novel information is more likely to be retweeted,” the paper reads.
352	Altogether, after-tax earnings were flat on a small increase in net sales.
353	Always bring a friend.
354	Always keep your software updated.
355	A Majority in Interest of the Members present may adjourn the Members' Meeting, whether or not a quorum is present.
356	A majority of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee appears ready to vote against Pompeo's nomination, joined by Sen. Rand Paul (R-Ky.
357	A major shortcoming of their otherwise well-intentioned movement is that the people who have the most to gain from it—poor and working-class parents—will find themselves held to a different set of expectations.
358	A management process could connect to the physical switches and create the appropriate VLANs and access control lists for my private network.
359	A man in my church actually said aloud that women “asked for it” if they were raped and had been wearing something provocative.
360	A man who was merely a man and said the sort of things Jesus said would not be a great moral teacher.
361	A man will quickly learn why a large breasted woman hates her brassiere.
362	A mass of fish can be seen dashing out of his way in a desperate bid to escape being next.
363	Amazon’s dynamic pricing system is often a puzzle, but adding to the mystery is the fact that these items have different prices for different sizes but were all sold and shipped via Amazon — not through different sellers.
364	A meeting is set for February 22 with the Department of Commerce to discuss the issue.
365	A mere 3 hours later, you and your family will emerge in the magnificent City of Light.
366	American Heart Association: "5 Goals to Losing Weight."
367	Americans didn't magically suffer a collective collapse in self-discipline over the last four decades.
368	Amharic Ethiopian script Book three (Laqech three) is prepared for advanced Amharic learner who want to enhance their knowledge in speaking, reading/writting and understanding Amharic.
369	A microRNA that regulates inflammation shows promise as a treatment for inflammatory diseases such as asthma and cancer, according to new research.
370	Among black gay men, 43 percent were HIV positive, compared to 13 percent of white gay men, even though the black gay men had fewer sex partners and less unprotected sex.
371	Among the exhaustive list of citations attached to the Canadian Paediatric Society's position statement is a recent systematic review of 76 studies that looked at how television exposure affects children's cognition and behaviour.
372	Among their travels, the two took in a meal with yak herders and ate traditional Bhutanese cuisine in the capital city of Thimphu.
373	Among the many promises of future smart cities is to utilize data to not only manage resources more efficiently but also create an environment that promotes transparency and accountability.
374	A more efficient S-series system-on-chip could provide longer battery life, too.
375	A mural by Jean Horihata hangs in the dainty powder room of an Arts and Crafts cottage in Beverly Hills.
376	A mysterious little boy named Harry moves in next door to Draco Malfoy, and he’s determined to make him his friend and learn all of his secrets.
377	An administrator at Tailspin Toys is planning to use Toys.jpg as the Sign-In page illustration.
378	An alert reader has pointed me toward this article in the "Lock the Library!
379	An all-fruit juice can be too sugary, while a vegetables-only version—especially all greens—can be thick or bitter.
380	An analgesic is a medicine that relieves pain.
381	An Android Wear watch’s main functionality is available through a list of cards that give you information like the weather, news updates, and scores from your favorite sports teams.
382	An apophatic anthropology is deeply connected with the trials of the modern world.
383	An Appearance package can be added to either trim level.
384	An associative entity associates entities (or elements) within an entity set.
385	A Nation of Nations: A Great American Immigration Story.
386	A native of New Zealand, he earned a BSc in Computer Science from Canterbury University and a PhD in Computer Science from Waikato University.
387	An author of eight books and over 50 articles on voice, her Broadcast Voice Handbookis used in newsrooms and classrooms throughout the U.S. It is designed as a self-help book that teaches how to improve every aspect of your voice.
388	An avocado and watermelon print on a dress?
389	An award-winning journalist, Roberts, who joined FNC in 2011, previously served as FNC’s senior national correspondent based in Atlanta, GA.
390	Ancher Brown Leather Watch - SkagenJavaScript seems to be disabled in your browser.
391	And 2, just because your supposedly non-monogamous partner says that’s what she wants, doesnt mean that is nessesarily so, nor will trying it “to save a relationship” accomplish anything but a very large messy break up in all directions.
392	And a brand new bottle of locally produced 's grade B maple syrup in the fridge.
393	And according to the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, in 2004 and 2005 at least 1,519 children under the age of two suffered serious health problems after being treated with common cold and cough remedies, and three of the children died.
394	And after reading that blurb, I'm going to spend the rest of my day thinking about what else is in store for Karou & Akiva.
395	And again, you should always contact your health care provider if you notice a sudden decrease in movement.
396	And all this thinking made me do some research about what learning experience are most effective.
397	And a simple topping of flour, sugar, a bit of butter and a bit of cinnamon.
398	And as lovely and lovingly made as the artisan bakers' breads are, this is one hole in the repertory I've yet to see filled adequately.
399	And as many have noted and I have experienced, the more you think you know the more there is to learn.
400	And as with Chrome on desktop, we built Chrome for Android with privacy in mind from the beginning, including incognito mode for private browsing and fine-grained privacy options (tap menu icon, ‘Settings,’ and then ‘Privacy’).
401	And, as you can see above, I STILL missed something…proves the point…
402	And at last; you can now sync recordings via iCloud.
403	And at least half of the book is devoted to that novel.
404	And at the end of the day, that is what 10 years of developing open world sandbox games has taught me, to hand the reins over and watch the players take control.
405	And at the idea of Mo and Sydney splitting.
406	And a witch who has to rescue a baby each year because a town, for no reason she can discern, abandons a baby outside their walls about the same time each year.
407	And, because of how they work, they wield extraordinary influence.
408	And bringing the mood together is an original song by Japanese Breakfast’s Michelle Zauner, who’ll be providing the entire soundtrack.
409	And chances are, that voice actor is in demand and has already narrated hundreds of audiobooks for a variety of publishers.
410	And data about interactions with your ads doesn’t come back to you so you can better zero-in on the most effective campaigns.
411	And DermaProtect apparently works for people of every skin color.
412	And despite the obstacle of a broken blog, he managed to post a 2010 update, with more great/ridiculous fireworks.
413	And don't forget personal items from home.
414	And don't forget to subscribe to the new to ask questions and learn about future announcements.
415	And do you believe that he would have taken a different view of the situation if she had given him more of a chance to get used to the idea before she married?
416	“And, especially, replant the yard with all native plants.
417	And everything there was super casual, despite the seriousness of the food.
418	And fewer than 1 percent of e-commerce sales took place at Amazon, everyone’s favorite scapegoat for retail’s struggles.
419	And finally, whatever comes after Secondly.
420	And, get this, there’s no public money involved.
421	And guilt becomes less clear when a “fatal drug reaction” is termed an “adverse event.”
422	And Hallquist's signature policy initiative, universal broadband, would hand over that entire sector to Vermont's utilities.
423	And, he did all of this with acrylic and gouache paint — no computers.”
424	And he handles it like a pro.
425	And here I am, twenty-two years later, in the same job, but with the rose-colored glasses removed.
426	And here it hangs today.
427	And he said he actually saved the emails that we send as part of our new patient onboarding sequence because he wants to figure out a way to kind of rubber-stamp that and roll that out in other ways.
428	And he would go from my issue to banks to Afghanistan to health care to all this other stuff.
429	And hey, if these sell well, we might get those Caramel Macchiato Pop-Tarts after all.
430	And his answers are, as I expected, intelligent and eloquent.
431	And his foray into New York is just the beginning here.
432	® and Huntington® are federally registered service marks of Huntington Bancshares Incorporated.
433	​, and I am so blessed that she did not forget me even if I was on hiatus for so damn long! so yEAH!
434	And I feel like I am living just where I am supposed to be--in the center of whatever universe was created when I was born--assuming that we all have a universe created around us when we are born."
435	And I feel like that was always like a cautionary tale for me," she says.
436	And I felt I learned much from reading it.
437	And I found pieces by Marais, by Couperin, by Bach for viola da gamba.
438	And if so, what is he planning to do with it?
439	And if the EU does step in, what is the likely UK reaction to German/French border guards in Ireland?
440	And if the Space Force captain, bustling along worriedly half an hour after the Templar, hadn't made a point of looking Harry up to repeat the colonel's warning almost word for word, Harry might still have turned down his three potential passengers.
441	And I keep hearing BoA implicated in so many of these loan foreclosures.
442	And I laughed, shaking my head, as I saw some of these revelers finally ensnared by their own ridiculous behavior.
443	. and I’ll be out on the street.”
444	And I'll include a link to them at the end of this talk today.
445	And I love it because that's rare to me.
446	And I’m not a superwoman.
447	And I’m so glad you enjoyed the latest.
448	And I'm someone who has the entire Great War series in hardback.
449	And I’m willing to bet that they’ll do a better job of producing theirs.
450	And incomes have to be redistributed during that time.
451	And, indeed, all the formula elements appeared to come together: Buffy and her friends discover and investigate a supernatural menace.
452	And indeed, if you're taking a photo of flowers, AI CAM will give colors a slight boost.
453	And I noticed the prices of the last one, that they said it cost $80 million.
454	And in our London office we have saved space, from three full racks down to half a rack,” said McSween.
455	And instead of bright vivid contrasts, you can easily end up with an indistinct mish-mosh.
456	And in the coming months, he'll be making a big push to campaign for Republicans ahead of this year's midterms—firing up his father's base.
457	And I stand by that decision.
458	And it all has to do with one word: redetermination.
459	And it appears to be pretty much everyone.
460	And it doesn't have to be just experienced chemists and people within the industry.
461	And, I think he was trying to make up for the gift he brought back for me from NYC last week.
462	And I think the whole thing is bullshit.
463	And it presents the story in lovely scrimshaw-styled animations, narrated in Iñupiat with English subtitles.
464	And it's about penguins!
465	And, it's all about the numbers.
466	And it’s a perfectly valid question.
467	And it's a snap to transfer your data to your computer at your convenience.
468	And it’s awesome to see it written where it isn’t a big deal at all!
469	And it was like a marriage made in heaven.
470	And it would occasionally warm up enough for us to use the pool as a pool!
471	And I want to help her get on her feet.
472	And I was like, “Dude, really?
473	And I wasn't sure, but I knew I had to get better over time.
474	And I wonder what would happen here in Germany if somebody promoted paleo eating in public.
475	And I would love to see more funding go into social services, thus far my experiences with social services helping students is poor.
476	And judging is done by a panel who will solely have a long and good look at the contestants' facial hair.
477	And, just like the commercials, in only 15 minutes, I really was able to find a $500 range in prices for the exact same coverage.
478	And keep telling me about characters that you want to know about and characters that you care about.
479	And, like all widely used new technology, a cause for tsk-tsking social concerns.
480	And lord knows, there is nothing worse than a guy who treats you like shit and has the nerve to pretend he’s tortured about it.
481	And lots of flailing and fainting and then Joseph Mascolo is there.
482	And many would point out that there’s something permanent and alluring about a painted cover versus a simple photographed one.
483	And maybe 1% of them have pianos?
484	And my dear husband got to be the listener to my ranting -he did listen very well I might add.
485	And my wife’s garden sculpture website?
486	And new analysis by the Times Higher Education also shows that social science student numbers, and hence staff numbers have been growing consistently.
487	And now BBC and are teaming up to produce a new miniseries based on Louisa May Alcott’s beloved classic!
488	And now is a great time to check out this bohemian enclave off the coast.
489	And now it's time for a Subject Line where Elamin Abdelmahmoud, the Prince of Newsletters here at BuzzFeed, takes a news story and gives it to me in a pretty little subject line for all of us to understand.
490	And now that I know to add a bit of vodka to the mix, it should be even better.
491	And, of course, the logs also indicate the rejected request was attempting to access, in this case being the MSExchangeSyncAppPool - or ActiveSync - matching up with our earlier scenario.
492	And, of course, there are hauntings.
493	And once, on the famous Orient Express, it meant crossing Europe.
494	And our company, HSM, works with only the very best.
495	"And people tell me, 'I've committed to Adam, but I think Ron's going to win, and I'd like to talk to him.'
496	And personally, I'm here for it, as I always love new and exciting opportunities to spend money I should be saving on makeup I don't need.
497	And points up for nobody yet citing that poem by Christopher Smart about his cat Jeoffrey.
498	And reading + doing everything else is actually a huge mammoth effort.
499	Andrea Weiss in The Daily Beast pretty well summed up the absurdity, A Trojan Horse in CUNY’s Center for Lesbian and Gay Studies?
500	Andreessen gripped the back of his chair.
501	Andrew Bacevich: The Hill to the Rescue on Syria?
502	Andrew Clements is the master of school stories, and is no exception (and a complete bonus for anyone who loves books).
503	Android added platform support for virtual displays in Hardware Composer v1.3.
504	Android Go is Google's lightweight version of their smartphone operating system.
505	Android O. We know Google’s naming scheme for their next iteration of Android typically involves some sort of sweet confection.
506	And, set in Arizona, is the best in the series yet.
507	And she has seen the less-than-inspiring messages from people who question her American-ness because of her Asian heritage.
508	And she was accepted.
509	And since 2013, regular bathers have enjoyed the Charles River Conservancy’s City Splash, held on one day in July.
510	And since Vaporeon is the most powerful Eevee-lution in the game, and Jolteon can counter Vaporeon (and Gyarados!
511	And so it's useful because a lot of customers, big data is something that they don't know how to handle, and it's something that's really costly to store, so an offering like this can kind of help them realize the benefits of the cloud.
512	And some grants aim to boost businesses owned by minorities or women.
513	And so, this abstract idea began to take shape.
514	And so, this is unprecedented within their own lifetimes, and unprecedented within the history of the region.
515	And that's only because I took my son there (to Haystack) when he was about 3 so we could see the goats and the smell of the farm is indelibly in my nose every time I try to eat that particular brand.
516	And that sucks big time.
517	And that's what I was battling against.
518	And that’s when the lightbulb went on.
519	And that the 56% of people who didn't enjoy the online reading experience may be a lot happier with how we do it next time out.
520	And that those who risk their lives to get to an "illegal" US job are objected to by this chick?
521	And that was for Hilton Hotels.
522	And that we may have to tell an official that we’re a two-mother family, but we won’t be called on to explain or justify it; that famed Canadian politeness includes a deep respect for everyone’s civil rights.
523	And that would (more or less) be it.
524	And the category is growing faster than you can swipe on a lip gloss.
525	And the early dishonesty permanently tainted many people’s perception of the Masts as artisanal gurus.
526	And the founders are down to two investors, Jake and Jillian.
527	And the hen is able to convince her that all is not as it seems.
528	And the implications of such a model are vast.
529	And the issue that came up in this category seemed to be some of the most resonant (if daunting) during the day.
530	And the librarian makes sense, I just never thought about it before!
531	And then five hours later, it actually ended.
532	And then his lips crushed to mine."
533	And then I’m the first person who gets to check it out in the whole library system!
534	And then people began switching on affordable digital cameras and filming all sorts of things.
535	And then there's his voice.
536	And the only explanation he could say is that I wanted to finish.
537	And the other tickets — thousands of them — have been blown off or remain in limbo.
538	And the parade packed the kind of authentic emotional punch that is a rare and beautiful thing in fashion.
539	And the previous owner of the car was Lord's stunt double, John Boley Nordlum, who gave it as a gift when the original series ended.
540	And there are a lot of implications to that oxymoron.
541	And there are other— services are complex and there is more to it than just, you know, you go and you post a photo.
542	And there's one in particular, a boxing story with Humphrey Bogart, that Buster's been anxious to see for a long time.
543	And there you go, you can save the 12 hours of lab time to learn the same thing.
544	And the scones and cookies both look delicious.
545	And these high costs have made it difficult for independent films to compete, leaving too many films going unseen.
546	And the sound effects alongside it were solid as well.
547	And the third is that it fails to improve the standard of officiating.
548	And the world of feeling and responding to feelings and being in touch with peoples’ needs – that’s all totally irrelevant to some people.
549	And they don't teach diving in Tooth Fairy School."
550	And they give you a lot -- what's not to love?
551	And they remain out of reach.
552	And this is fantastic cuz there's not even a consolidated place where people are reporting issues.
553	And, this year our stories are the work of traveling from Brazil’s Iguassu Falls to a chicken farm in Atlanta, building a 270-degree in-car VR experience, creating new partnerships to connect our audience’s passions with experiences, and much more.
554	And though Mariah is plenty vacuous in the starring role, she doesn't reach the heights of strenuously bad acting that Elizabeth Berkeley does in Showgirls.
555	And walk in love, as Christ loved us and gave himself up for us, a fragrant offering and sacrifice to God.
556	And we all hear these people speaking in our own languages about the wonderful things God has done!
557	And we also covered 50% of statements in ShowCard just by pulling it in, right, which is also kind of interesting.
558	And we're going to build this out just to try and enable the younger generation to interact.
559	“And we said, ‘Okay, we have a window of opportunity to make MPEG audio Layer 3 into the internet audio standard.’
560	And we understand that the only thing you are against is good government because that does not fit your flimsy talking point frames.
561	And we would be honored if you would join us.
562	And what if all of a sudden a tooth gets loose?
563	And what if your apartment building doesn’t collapse?
564	And what I have found is if I am just myself, and I don’t try to pretend to be anyone else, what you see is what you get with me, and so people will recognize that authenticity.
565	And what is a fair price these days?"
566	And what part has her charismatic teacher Gordon Ellis played in this blood-soaked event?"
567	And What to Use if You Can't Find AnyWhat Exactly Is Oyster Sauce?
568	And when I don't write, I get really moody and nasty!
569	And when I think of this in terms of myself—putting myself in a parallel scenario, for instance being given an award for being a woman in a particular profession—then I do see the harm.
570	And when match found in the column " F" it will clear the content of the particular row.
571	And when Wall Street wants to know how it’s going to grow, the company’s executives all point to the growth of its services business.
572	And where did all these normal activities take place?
573	And while he was out of commission for a year, the sports performance and basketball conditioning coach at Durango was still texting and calling the head varsity coach, DeShawn Henry.
574	And while it debates, it is flooding the world with the product.
575	And while some have pondered if Hamilton's success signals Broadway's greater acceptance of diverse contemporary music, the musical's major appeal is as old as Rodgers and Hammerstein: good writing.
576	And while there is a growing base of shoppers who want to use their purchasing power in socially conscious ways, oftentimes customers just want to buy pretty things.
577	And while there is more for Razer to work on with Project Linda, I sense a real drive behind this product.
578	And while there is no scientific evidence to back it up, food just tastes better when enjoyed outside.
579	And while the tradition of the American cocktail is long, and varied you can seek out There’s really only one clear choice and it is quintessentially Americanthe Martini.
580	And while we’re on the subject of laundry, I wonder about dryers in California, which, for much of the year is bathed in sunshine.
581	And who were all those great scientists—from Ptolemy, Archimedes, and Copernicus to Descartes, Hume, and Newton, and many, many more?
582	And why would I want to do that?
583	And why would we imagine that Bundy would have a chance if he doesn’t have a case?
584	And with 8GB of storage, you’ll always have enough room for your reading material of choice.
585	And with Brazil making a comeback — and AES having operations there — things are looking up for this stock on the growth side of equation.
586	And with so many dishes for $8 and under, it's totally within reach for many people.
587	And yes, in my experience, people whose politics lean left (as 37signals has declared themselves in their postings) tend to make these kind of ‘mistakes’ again and again.
588	And yes, it is exciting to teach and regain that excitement.
589	And yesterday, we’re celebrating our one thousandth, we come out, and the audience is only friends and family.
590	And yet…we launched and when we were met with crickets, we couldn’t figure out why.
591	And you can learn a lot about a church from spending even twenty minutes browsing a church website.
592	And you'd kind of think that they might have something better to do, a more productive way to occupy their time.
593	And you sure as Hell-squared are NOT going to be able to make Socratic Tentacles double-prove his work, because he has credibility, and you do not!
594	And you think there's a pretty good chance she likes you.
595	An earth ravaged with floods and wild weather.
596	An editor nowadays would have taken Dickens to task for that randomness, but for now, The Vengeance really is more a word than a character; The Vengeance always follows Madame DeFarge.
597	An elite military truck force is established to deliver goods to the soldiers.
598	An emergency dentist can help you in numerous other types of dental emergency situations aside from a serious toothache.
599	An enjoyable tale of two sisters, one of whom writes a book while the other takes credit for it--plus a cast of thousands, each with a great story.
600	An equivalent A3 page took 25 seconds, so slightly over 2ppm.
601	A new article by cybersecurity expert Kevin McDonald appearing in SearchSecurity, a publication for IT professionals, bluntly calls this story an example of “negligence trumping security and, worse yet, common sense.”
602	A new control ring positioned behind the manual zoom control allows the immediate change of aperture settings and shutter speed while fine-tuning composition.
603	A new museum dedicated to the life and work of Danish fairytale writer Hans Christian Andersen, author of The Ugly Duckling and The Little Mermaid, is to be built in his birthplace of Odense, local authorities said on Monday.
604	A new secret supper club called I Was Really, Very Hungry holds a seven-course dinner, each featuring a cheese and beer pairing, on Saturday at 8 p.m. in North Williamsburg, Brooklyn.
605	An example of an inward folding smartphone design.
606	An example: When young writers don’t have a clue what they’re writing about, their sentence structure and grammar breaks down.
607	An exciting announcement from TOKYOPOP's line of DISNEY MANGA: Beauty and the Beast!
608	An extension of Mist’s virtual Bluetooth Low Energy (BLE) offering, this service enables companies in most verticals to efficiently and cost effectively locate devices and assets using standard BLE technology.
609	Angelo and Tracey are first with their flounder sandwich with siracha hot sauce.
610	An idea is nothing without execution.
611	An important collection of inspiring devotionals The seventeenth-century devotional letters of Samuel Rutherford, most of which were written during imprisonment for the sake of the gospel, are presented for the edification of a new generation of read.
612	An important facet of eating disorder recovery is the nutritional component, and having adequate support in this area can serve as relapse prevention.
613	An import mapping in a REST operation that reports it cannot find the object by the key will now result in an HTTP response 400 rather than 500.
614	A nine-page questionnaire was sent to a number of EU mobile network operators last week relating to iPhone distribution terms, sales practices, minimum iPhone purchasing requirements, and marketing budget restrictions.
615	An insulated shelter, such as a doghouse outfitted with a ceramic heat emitter connected to a thermostat, can provide shelter for cooler nights.
616	Anita just wanted to thank you for your advice about taking love from everywhere.
617	Annals of the New York Academy of Sciences: "Androgen deficiency, Meibomian gland dysfunction, and evaporative dry eye."
618	An object providing the current state for the interface.
619	An offensive player runs off the ball between two screening teammates, who converge together to block his defender — the closing doors.
620	An okay movie that would have been great IF it had stayed with Julia the whole time.
621	An opened minded spirit and soul.
622	A normalien (graduate of France's prestigious Ecole normale superieure) and lecturer at the University of Rennes II since 1995, Anne F. Garreta was co-opted into the Oulipo in April 2000.
623	A: Not at this time.
624	A note about the code examples : Some lines of code in the examples may wrap to the next line because of the article's page width.
625	Another agent replied, “Would you?”
626	Another approach, not targeted to those on a solely plant-based diet, relies on producing meat from animal cells, eliminating the need to raise livestock.
627	Another cake I made for mother's birthday party was this saffron carrot cake with cream cheese frosting.
628	Another case of wrong time, right people.
629	Another example of how BMI is inaccurate is my own measurements.
630	Another great post–thanks!
631	Another motivating factor is preferable, and in our culture, possible, for choosing a profession – an attraction to something about the profession.
632	Another network familiar to the Emmy game is HBO, home to 2015 and 2016 Best Drama Series winner “Game of Thrones.”
633	Another new author for me to try!
634	Another option: Do errands with a friend.
635	Another popular option is to create a Facebook group where you can have your customers get together and build a community of your own.
636	“Another privilege that one could easily take advantage of is the tax-free gain on the sale of your primary residence,” Gahler says, noting that owners may walk away with up to $250,000 if single or $500,000 if married and filing jointly.
637	Another reason I am mega excited is that I will meet so many of my “blogging” friends and my Rose Chat friends.
638	Another rule is to include tips in your vacation budget.
639	A nourishing violet conditioner formulated to leave hair soft and shiny.
640	A novel unspooled by a mysterious narrator with close ties to a teenager who drives her car off the road.
641	An SMD (Signed Mark Data) file is a document that shows us that you have a verified registered trademark and are eligible to pre-register a domain name with your registered mark.
642	Anthony will report to me.
643	An unused (blank lines are not filled in & item not folded) printed stock certificate.
644	An update rolling out to Google Assistant today unlocks more than 50 new games, activities, and stories just in time for the end-of-the-year holidays.
645	Anvato raises $2 million to expand it.
646	Any attempt to deliberately damage the Contest or the operation thereof is unlawful and subject to legal action by Sponsors, who may seek damages to the fullest extent permitted by law.
647	Any chance I could get you to taste just a little?
648	Any change at all there and it will say hey git, I noticed that you changed a file, let me find the tests that are related to that.
649	Anyhoo it’s Mother’s Day/Mothering Sunday here in Blighty.
650	Any ideas for South America?
651	Any information about who made that choice?
652	Any measurement of ocean temp at significant depth is useless unless the sources can be quantified.
653	Any networking advice on moving workloads to the public cloud?
654	Any new e-commerce site is relatively unknown in its infancy, and you’ll need to sweat a lot harder to get customers in the door.
655	Anyone care to come trap it for me?
656	Anyone considering the use of Zoloft or any other in a child or adolescent must balance this risk with the clinical need for the antidepressant.
657	Anyone who has had to put a pet down knows the heart-wrenching experience it is.
658	Anyone who speaks for a living-including teachers-will greatly benefit from this book."
659	Anyone who threatens the government seems to disappear mysteriously.
660	Anyone who tuned in Sunday nights was met with lots of bawdy humor and titillating sex scenes, all at the behest of four single women who juggled careers and romance.
661	Any parent who is serious about helping his or her child get a head start needs to know about these exceptional options offered by KinderCare.
662	Any plans for San Francisco?
663	Any travel costs incurred during the application process (such as airline ticket, hotel, taxi) can also be claimed at bol.
664	Anyway, my question is, do you know if the blood problems are likely to still show up or not after a small amount of time avoiding gluten and then 1 weeks eating lots of gluten again?
665	AOL relies on its eMarketer corporate subscription for a comprehensive view of digital marketing, media and commerce.
666	A palace official overseeing the destruction of an image of Christ is murdered by a band of irate women, and an atmosphere of danger grips the city’s monasteries, strongholds of icon veneration.
667	Apart from few advertising solutions such as of Google Adsense, there aren’t any other prominent options for publishers.
668	Apart from the above numbers, Microsoft didn’t reveal any other details about Dynamics business.
669	A past murder comes back into focus as its anniversary approaches.
670	A person who is both would leave me a little awestruck, if he wasn't such a great guy.
671	A picture of his face was on the stationary and all that stuff.
672	Apigee API Management Available for Apps in AWS Ma.
673	“APIs are one of the key drivers for us to be become a digital airline.
674	APIs to interact with the Bluetooth hardware.
675	A pizza box lay open on the coffee table, containing the remnants of a sausage and mushroom pizza of indeterminate age.
676	Apologies to our customers in those regions.
677	A portfolio is a curated sample of your best work.
678	A potential new weapon in the fight against tuberculosis has been discovered by researchers, and it lives in the Little Mermaid's realm.
679	A potential therapeutic target for the treatment of psoriasis has been identified.
680	Apparently Apple has purchased a patent from three Oregon based engineers that specifically relates to flat panel image sensor technology.
681	Apparently they have long waits on the weekends, so it's best to get there as early as possible.
682	Apple 13.3 Inch MacBook Pro with Touch Bar Now $1,999.
683	Apple did issue a minor update to the third beta after its release, build 18A326h, but the changes were minimal enough for it to not count as new beta version.
684	Apple had not revealed that simply replacing the battery would return processing power back to normal, which has forced users to believe they needed an entirely new, more expensive phone instead of a new battery.
685	Apple’s profits will eventually let them sell a SSP: Starter Smart Phone.
686	Applied, Lam: Will Next Year See a Decline in Chip Equipment?
687	Applying makeup and doing hair didn’t come naturally to me, but I feel more confident when I look my best.
688	Apply on Get Nursing Jobs gc inserted 1529685375658 Study Management Associate III - -based anywhere in USA - Multiple openings!
689	Approach the device and a proximity sensor will momentarily change the display to show a smaller image along with the name of the current track, the artist’s name, the album name, and the track’s elapsed time.
690	Apps that do affect battery life are only things that actually do perform background operations, things like GPS navigation, background music playback and similar.
691	A properly virtualized server can be easily cloned onto another physical server if its original server fails.
692	A protester and a Illinois State Trooper exchange words while police form a line to prevent protesters from entering an expressway, Nov. 24, 2015, in Chicago.
693	A pushover should inevitably appear, but with their over/under posted at just 5.5 wins in Vegas and a projection to win just 6.1 games by the FPI, the Cardinals might be the pushover.
694	A Question of Leadership: What Does the Organization Need Me to Do?
695	A question that, I swear, has no political or shaming intent.
696	A real sense of mystery developed as I learned more about the setting and the reason for the girl’s quest.
697	Are beauty brands ready for AI and its potential?
698	A recent study showed that people with diabetes had more deterioration in the parts of their brain where problem-solving, decision-making and memory take place.
699	A red Mustang and a pickup truck were parked outside.
700	Are the illustrations and speech bubbles delightfully positioned?
701	Are there any companies that are fee paid by those companies looking for technology?
702	Are there any sources that prohibit childhood vaccinations?
703	Are there pieces that you have returned to later on, or felt the pull to rework something that you started years ago?
704	Are There Ways Diet Can Influence Rheumatoid…
705	Are these efforts making as much of an impact as we're telling ourselves?
706	Are They ‘In’ Or ‘Out’?
707	A review of Indiana's troubled child welfare agency confirms what advocates have long said: Parental drug abuse has led to a surge in children removed from their homes.
708	"Are we going to talk about the CBA, too?"
709	Are you a small business?
710	Are you a traditional bride or a sexy bride?
711	Are you limited by the backplane or your I/O bus?
712	Are you ready to sprout your summer art wings?
713	Are your responses anonymous?
714	Are your users paying attention when it comes to laptop security?
715	Are you sure that was your magnolia tree growing into your pipes?
716	"Are you you can work for a woman?"
717	Arguably ground zero for suicide novels, Sylvia Plath’s autobiographical novel features a nineteen-year-old women’s college student who can’t connect with anything, least of all her fancy New York magazine summer internship.
718	Arguing that rumors are part of the objective reality left to us by the past--a kind of fragmentary archival record--he examines how uncertain news became powerful enough to cascade through the centuries.
719	A risky future for IoT devices?
720	ARMONK, N.Y. - 14 Jan 2014: ) today announced that its inventors received a record-setting 6,809 patents in 2013 – the 21 consecutive year the company topped the annual list of U.S. patent leaders.
721	Arnold had betrayed not just Washington but every American citizen he pledged to protect.
722	Around 20 veterans commit suicide every day, but until recently, mental health has not been at the forefront of the conversation around veteran’s services.
723	Around 37,000 people remain under evacuation orders.
724	Arranging debt financing is less complicated because the company is not required to comply with federal and provincial securities laws and regulations.
725	Arrival of the Nashville at Charleston.
726	Arriving at his fifth school in as many years, diplomat’s son Osei Kokote knows he needs an ally if he is to survive his first day – so he’s lucky to hit it off with Dee, the most popular girl in school.
727	Article Link: Apple Pay in Australia Expanding to 31 Small Banks and Credit Unions ('http://www.
728	Artifact takes on timeless story of biblical heroine in concert of dance and music (Margaret Regan, Tucson Weekly).
729	Artist gives us a super cute take on the character enjoying a soothing summer rainstorm with some of her amphibian pals.
730	Artist Kiki van Eijk with a rendering of a wall hanging she'll create for the installation.
731	A ruined United States barely functions.
732	Arun,thanks for your kind words and wish you and your family a wonderful New Year!
733	As a business owner selling taxable goods or services, you act as an agent of the state of South Dakota by collecting tax dollars from purchasers and passing it along to the state and local tax authority.
734	As a consumer, I’d like all phone makers, whether their gadgets run Android, the iOS, Samsung’s Tizen, Linux or something even more exotic, to offer me a choice of apps.
735	As a dealership, you probably don’t have the time or resources to produce a high-quality music video, but you can certainly have success with video marketing.
736	As Adina Daar says, tell your girlfriend "'let's spend five minutes cleaning up our stuff.'
737	As a Director, how do you feel about the progress has made as it relates to the advancement of female talent?
738	As a Kar-Jenner super fan myself, I can identify "here" as Kardashian's own backyard.
739	As Alison's mother, Gina Fearn skillfully hides her character in Bruce's shadow, until what she's suffered alongside him finally becomes clear.
740	As alluded to earlier, this monitor can’t really do HDR so all this mode does it crank up the colour gamut and turn on dynamic contrast.
741	As a media organization, your Call of Duty gaming team is like exponentially larger than the audience of this podcast.
742	As a middle-grade writer, I’m not setting out to address those same issues, at least not as directly.
743	As an exercise, I am writing some code that accepts a list of possibly secret properties (e.g. user ID, password, IP address), adds a timestamp, encrypts it, and signs it.
744	As another Austenite/Austinite/whatever the hell we're called, I must say that I understand such pain.
745	As a parent, it's natural to feel frustrated and even upset when your potty-trained child has an accident.
746	As a private member’s bill, the legislation has taken a slow crawl since it was tabled almost a year ago.
747	As a result, a router would perform equal-cost load balancing.
748	As a result, he’ll try harder and harder to wake you each subsequent night.
749	As a result, I know where I am going and I no longer question if I am eating the right diet or if the diet will help me lose the fat and make me healthy, I just know.
750	As a result, the motorcycle shimmies, as if a wheel were mounted loosely.
751	As a security provider, Aruba has consistently introduced groundbreaking innovations in the areas of encryption, physical hardening, remote access, etc. to ensure that user, system and device traffic can be trusted.
752	As a software dev team, we read your release notes, look at your bug fixes, and cheer when a feature we rely on is seamlessly delivered in the app.
753	As a young comics fan, Rick Klaw knew something of the character.
754	A scathing critique of American higher education that asks what type of people we want post-secondary institutions to produce.
755	As children continue to be ripped away from their parents by Donald Trump’s cruel immigration policies, his administration has made it a point to place blame on Democrats, Congress, and just about everyone other than Trump and his cronies.
756	As consumers get used to these conveniences, retailers can’t compete with just quality and efficiency alone anymore.
757	As consumers increasingly look to fit in meals around their busy lifestyles, interest in nutritious and convenient snacks is growing, supporting the idea of smoothies as meal replacements.
758	A score >0.676 predicts the presence of significant fibrosis with 67% sensitivity and 97% specificity.
759	As cycling instructor Ben Sherratt pointed out to Lifehacker, a potentially cheaper option is to simply from a small two-wheeler and lower the seat (then when your kid is ready, you can just put the pedals back on).
760	As data volume continues to grow exponentially for many organizations, capacity is an important element of data storage media.
761	As Dr. Awdish finds herself up against the same self-protective partitions she was trained …
762	A second-generation vintner diversifies with Correlation Wine Company, a new line of wines from beyond the family estate.
763	A Sensification kit was developed that contains formulation prototypes to demonstrate sensorial properties that Croda’s different emulsifiers exhibit.
764	A sexy, funny mystery/romance, Cottonmouth Book 1 by Jennifer Scully.
765	As far I can remember, the car accident that started the whole thing last book is still unexplained.
766	As for book ideas, I would personally like to see a book that can go into great detail on how eating primal/paleo can help prevent, treat and even overcome various chronic diseases (hart disease in particular).
767	As for Saturday’s duo, Mr. Levine said: “It’s a great pair — very highly contrasted.
768	As for swimming like a rock, my best friend once raced me in just her bathing suit while I was wearing flippers and paddles, and she STILL beat me, and easily.
769	As for the graphical analysis on D1, it predicts an initial growth to 1.2980 and then a drop first to 1.2770 and then to 1.2650.
770	As for the gummi bears, I’ll be writing a future article about commercial meat production soon.
771	As for the positive results, though they are subtle at this 7th day point, there is some definite improvements to the appearance of my skin.
772	As for the psychologist, we knew the least about her, but I think we all believed she came from some kind of management background.
773	As for your unrelated question, it took me about 5 hours this time.
774	As Gertrude delves deeper into the circumstances surrounding the suicide, it proves to be linked to a brutal crime, one far more shocking than she could have imagined because it has everything to do with the night her sister died.
775	As her blonde hair grows out, Kardashian West dyes it a hot pink color for a trip to Tokyo.
776	Ashe says that "poor posture can affect the diaphragm, which can affect breathing and digestion."
777	As he writes: "It applies in any business.
778	"Ash has laid out a clear compass for anyone to validate their ideas, solve real problems and create a successful business.
779	A shooting in New Orleans on Saturday night killed at least three people and left seven more injured, CNN reports.
780	A short story attends to language in a gymnastic way that would exhaust any reader past 20 pages.
781	Aside from its tasty end, my favorite part of Shuna’s classes is listening to her always fascinating discussions on fruit, eggs, sugar.
782	Aside from that, you will be helping your child in becoming a person of integrity.
783	Aside from the math wizardry working behind the scenes, payment calculators help the buyer with a convenient tool right there on your website which can really boost conversions for the seller.
784	As I expect to discuss in subsequent posts, much of what economists thought they knew about macroeconomic policy needs to be reassessed in light of events.
785	As I grab the door handle, Kim grabs my other wrist.
786	A silver tray of tacos showcases the variety (not all of it traditionally Mexican) at Port Chester’s bartaco.
787	A simple tortilla press makes quick/easy work (and is worth the small investment), but in a pinch I've also used a heavy cast iron skillet to press out the tortilla dough.
788	A single grackle can be a thing of beauty.
789	As interest in mentorship continues to grow, we’re excited to grow our programs and provide more opportunities for the community to get involved.
790	“As I previously stated, the collaboration with Barneys has always been about giving and The Shawn Carter Foundation.
791	As I put stuff away, I scanned my rows of test tubes, beakers, and retorts.
792	As I said, you shouldn't be combining photos, its pointless and sucks for accessibility.
793	As I saw the stage being set-up with games and the empty red chairs, my childhood memories came flooding back to me.
794	As it stands, it seems like there are still a lot of variables between the jet’s current status and its total combat readiness.
795	As it stands though, I find this hard to recommend.
796	As it takes us on a tour of some of the most unique and beautiful structures, this book shows how the purpose of each structure dictated its design, or location.
797	As it turned out, it was a completely false alarm, with some miserable character having pulled a fire alarm on the second floor and as I left, the fire engines were driving away from the entrance to the hospital.
798	As it turns out, Eileen is Eileen O'Higgins, who acted alongside Ronan in Brooklyn, as her friend Nancy.
799	Ask a colleague to check your task to ensure it’s clear.
800	ASK Brooklyn Museum is a free app that enables visitors to ask questions about exhibits and receive real-time answers from art historians and educators.
801	Asking this allows the candidate to highlight any relevant experiences she’s previously had (or not) with former employers or clients.
802	Ask your aesthetician if there's a topical anesthetic cream she can apply for pain relief.
803	Ask your butcher for lamb backstraps, an interior cut from the loin that is lean and exceedingly tender.
804	As Lanzarote is a Spanish island, the currency used here is the Euro.
805	As Leo represents the king and Aquarius symbolizes the people, this couple has a comprehensive understanding of societal complexities.
806	As Liga raises her daughters, Branza and Urdda, the borders guarding their isolated world begin to break down.
807	As long as we're showing photos from years ago how is this one of Paul?
808	As long as you are happy, healthy and whole; it is all good.
809	As many of you know, my husband “Champagne Gary Westby” keeps a running list of the very best places to eat and sleep in Champagne.
810	As Marcus intimated in his latest blog, characters can help define the plot.
811	As marketers understand the role of new and emerging channels, budgets will shift to match consumer behaviors and marketing mixes will be more balanced with relation to true ROI.
812	A smart, modern, and future-focused device, with third-party developers already building innovative new apps.
813	As much as I commend him for tying a different route I don't think it pulled off.
814	As mystery readers and writers, we spend some time thinking about how to dispose of bodies, those convenient plot devices that really have very little to do with actual death and very much to do with puzzles.
815	As noted above, the most common types of lung cancer in smokers tend to grow near the central airways.
816	As of this month, our December video review of has more than 7 million views.
817	As of this year, a tax is being levied in Hungary on infrastructure, calculated by kilometer of line.
818	As of today there are over 2,000 active users with more users signing up each and every day.
819	As one leading professor from Yeshiva University emailed me: “Jeselsohn is straight-on right.”
820	As one of the mummies would say, "I'm so tired I'm dead on my feet."
821	A source told CNN that Trump is extremely upset about Cohen’s revelations.
822	As our interview concluded, I pulled my computer back out and showed Yellin this one last chart.
823	As our technology becomes more personal, it’s impacting what end-users expect from life and work.
824	A special Hello Kitty café (open on June 1) and a souvenir shop (open on June 30) selling exclusive merchandises related to Hello Kitty Shinkansen will open at Hakata Station.
825	A special ingame title, bonus item, mount, etc. that ONLY they get goes a LONG way.
826	A special unique value called IV (initialization value) - in TLS it is 96 bits.
827	Aspen’s Gradebook, used by teachers to capture attendance and grade information, will offer parents and students timely and confidential access through the SIS’ web-based portal.
828	As per our last discussion, the beta version of the pro you had me try had a few other bugs; any further developments with that?
829	As per the documentation (https://msdn.
830	A spinal tap to check the fluid around your brain and spinal cord.
831	As president he was a trustee of the union's pension and welfare funds.
832	As rumors continue to suggest Apple will ditch the home button on this year's flagship "iPhone 8" redesign, a newly leaked image claims to show Samsung's next-generation "Galaxy S8" handset also deleting its own home button.
833	As she learns more about herself, we see her interact with her world and struggle with many choices.
834	As skincare transforms into self-care, emotional benefit claims will become a universal offer and will appeal across demographics, reaching a range of categories from facial skincare to bodycare.
835	As some of you might know, I've written little else of late.
836	As soon as we see them coming down the side walk we head to the patio and point them in the right direction.
837	As such, there are always smaller tests and features being pushed out, minor updates that may not make big waves, or justify a full, dedicated blog post in themselves, but are still relevant and worth highlighting.
838	A standard size peach or apricot can start producing fruit when it is 2-4 years old.
839	As the album suggests, the program's subject is the classic age of violin playing in the early 1900s, when the veteran ruled the scene.
840	As the final demon Knight of Hell in play alongside the man who trained her, Cain, Abbadon was a woman with a plan that could have caused complete chaos.
841	As the irrepressible hero Duke Nukem, you'll chase Dr. Proton deep into the Earth, then to his lunar space station, and eventually into the Earth's nuclear ravished future.
842	As the late '70s segued into the early '80s, new wave—arty Yank punk, really—was part of a freaky multiple birth that included some other little squawlers called salsa, disco, hip-hop and reggae/dub.
843	As the media storm was picking up, the US government tried hard to push a different narrative.
844	As the “never Trump” faction of the Republican Party dwindles to a lonely few, the Nebraska senator has shown little interest in backing down – leaving him vulnerable to a Trump-fueled primary challenge in 2020, when he’s up for reelection.
845	As the number of Andy Carpenter novels approaches 20, the formula is well-known to fans.
846	As the Rev. Chase told this newspaper in 2015: “We’ve always been looking after the down-and-out, the oppressed, those who are hurting.”
847	As the summer turns to fall, the city is at a tipping point: friendships are tested, hearts are broken, and the tiniest spark might set everything ablaze.
848	As the three owners watched their hard work, sweat and tears come to fruition during the grand opening of Harlem Hops on June 9, they also began to think about the future.
849	As those who have already adopted know, there’s management overhead with acquiring certificates and making sure these don’t expire, increased resource requirements on servers to handle the encryption, and other costs.
850	As throwback as that sensibility may be, the band strives to be thoroughly modern, emphasizing rhythms and gargantuan hooks to tightly constructed compositions.
851	A study in today's issue of reports that New York City firefighters exposed to the 9/11 World Trade Center disaster site face an increased risk for developing myeloma precursor disease (MGUS), which can lead to the blood cancer multiple myeloma.
852	A stunning documentary about a team of young people - Paul Farmer, Jim Yong Kim, Ophelia Dahl - whose charitable medical work 30 years ago in remote Haiti came to ignite a healthcare movement.
853	A subset of these action figures were also released in Canada, and years later, in Brazil.
854	A Summer by the Sea new rubber stamps, stencils, collage sheets, wood charms, seashells, beach houses, mermaids, and so much more!
855	As usual, Tom has focused on the wrong issue.
856	As usual with accessibility, any implementation should be tested with different browsers and assistive technologies.
857	As washing your hands dries out your nails, apply moisturizer each time you wash your hands.
858	As we can see if runs as the local system user.
859	A sweet and amusing tale with sudden twists and unexpected turns ensues, and my children and I enjoyed it very much indeed.
860	As we evolved, we realized there were a few core scenarios where mobile has huge business impacts, primarily (1) improving field sales and marketing teams’ presentations and customer interactions and (2) increasing field service staff efficiency.
861	As we have gained a better understanding of how gravity and other forces in the universe work, the explanations have become increasing complicated and mathematical.
862	As we learn more about usage patterns and their impact on the service we may find it necessary to modify rate limits.
863	As well as being delicious, turmeric heals the ill!
864	As well as interface with accounting to provide cost transparency.
865	As well as massive additional costs burdens.
866	As well as running profitable proprietary trading accounts, he has a Masters degree in Business Administration from New York University and a Bachelor of Science and Economics from Fordham University.
867	As well as taking time to consider the start of a mobile strategy, businesses must also consider what happens at the end – specifically when an employee leaves.
868	As were the cornflake chocolate chip marshmallow cookies and the blueberry cream cookies (with dried blueberries and something called “milk crumbs”).
869	As we roll into the new year and 2016, it is time for us to announce a few slight changes to AffiliateWP’s licensing system and our terms of purchase.
870	As with any type of software engineering, consider your work like construction.
871	As with the old kickstarter, the aim was to create an extension that itself would allow to create new extensions by selecting and configuring extension components through a graphical user interface in TYPO3 itself.
872	As workflow is part of the Enterprise Edition, un-comment the repository at the end of the file.
873	As you bend your elbows out to the sides and lower your torso toward the floor, lift your right toe up and bend your right knee to bring it forward until it touches your right elbow.
874	As you can see, each time a request is made and a response is sent, the entire path between the client in New York and the origin in Singapore is traversed.
875	As you create multiple projects for each lesson in each course, you can imagine that this could become pretty cluttered over time.
876	As you look up at the brightly coloured billboards and listen to the buzz of people and traffic, there’s no mistaking you’ve arrived in Times Square.
877	As you may know, we the release of our new Python client library——in March, 2014.
878	As you stop trying to be everything to everyone, you will love others better.
879	As you wait for more Japanese Cooking 101 lessons, here's something a bit different to ponder: How important is sustainability to you, especially when eating out?
880	As Zach got older, the tiniest trace of nuts—even from a knife that was used to cut a peanut butter sandwich and then his food—could cause anaphylaxis.
881	At 112 pages, it is a perfect length, and I'm excited to have this title to offer to students who either are interested in this time period OR are being "forces" to read nonfiction for class.
882	At 16 he released which spawned an R&B chart No. 1 single, “Girlfriend.”
883	A talented, well-seasoned prostitute can correct those small mistakes that lead to big alimony payments.
884	At around the same time, I did my first artisan market, I learned about Etsy Teams, Facebook Groups, and started my Instagram account.
885	A tasteful look that revels in refinement, Traditional decor takes its cues from classic furnishings and character-filled antiques.
886	At a White House news conference Monday with the Italian prime minister, President Trump renewed his threat to shut down the government.
887	At a whopping 20 tracks long, Drake wasn’t holding back with his fourth full length.
888	A Tax-Savvy Way to Profit From the Panic -- The Motley FoolSkip to main content Helping the world invest better since 1993.
889	At BurgerFi, you can receive a free order of with any purchase on July 13. is taking their love of French fries to the next level by offering free bottomless fries when you purchase any burger or sandwich on July 13 only.
890	At Etsy, we frontload our static assets (js, fonts, css) and share it throughout the site, though, so that is often cached when a user reaches the listings page.
891	At first, his drug habit proves a possible lead.
892	At first I was offended but I checked with Google and they told me that they do not give free ads to PETA (remember Google’s motto: do no evil!).
893	At first they seemed happy to be free of it.
894	At first, you may have to fulfill a few prerequisites, like English composition or college algebra, but once these are out of the way you can proceed to the more specialized coursework you’ll need to complete your program.
895	A: There was a whole sequence that was to be the end of the film that didn’t make the cut.
896	At Indeed, we work to proactively identify and remove predatory content from search results.
897	At InformationWeek, Curtis Franklin offers a series of observations about life for developers and others in an HTML5 world.
898	At it's most basic level, that's all it takes.
899	ATLANTA—11Alive Sports offers a statistical and logistical breakdown of the Atlanta Braves' chances of making the National League playoffs--thus …
900	At least have occurred since the majority of FARC fighters laid down their arms and entered social rehabilitation camps last year.
901	At least one Mountie in the audience wondered whether the union's efforts could price the RCMP out of the contract-policing market, since Mounties' low salaries help keep costs low for provinces and municipalities that rely on them for policing.
902	At least on this subject.
903	At least sometimes we learn but not always.
904	At most, you'll have a slightly longer cooking time.
905	At practically the very moment I found I was host to a living being, I realized that that living being could stop living.
906	At present, the 790 Adventure R – like Yamaha’s tantalizing Ténéré 700 World Raid – is just a prototype.
907	A trainer shows animators how to specialize their Toon Boom Harmony skills at Toon Boom Animation Career Camp.
908	A trip to Konopiště Castle is like visiting a turn-of-the-20th-century time capsule.
909	At room temperature, they will last only about 3 days.
910	A troubling thought, isn't it?
911	At second and third glance as well.
912	Attaining deeper knowledge about consumer mindset with additional scientific techniques is the basic motive of neuromarketing.
913	Attempting to control the behaviour of someone through acts and threats of violence infringes on their human rights.
914	Attempting to fill that gap, the authors argue that supply-side policies will often be more conducive to building public support.
915	Attention winos, we have a trio of events for you to consider.
916	At the age of 12, Adam was diagnosed with schizophrenia.
917	At the beginning of June, the team at Pixelmator announced their upgrade to version 2.0.
918	At the beginning of the hols, write a list of things that need to be attended to and leave yourself a week to organise these."
919	At the beginning of the third quarter 2013, American Apparel’s overall brand health began to lose ground with millennials, while an average of its rivals such as H&M, Abercrombie + Fitch and American Eagle increased to new highs.
920	At the BMW Masters on the European Tour in late October, trailed Peter Hanson by a stroke through 54 holes in Shanghai.
921	At the end of the series, the drivers will be able to ditch their worst result.
922	At the end of the time of the judges, the Ark of the Covenant was taken by the Philistines at the battle for Ebenezer (1 Samuel 4:1-22).
923	At the end of the workshop, you will have a fully pilot-ed application up-and-running on Microsoft Azure.
924	At the Glamour Magazine Women of the Year event in 2004, Keys attends with her hair in a sleek up do with florals, a classic smoky eye and a glossy lip.
925	At the moment, compatibility is with all devices the system image can be booted on.
926	At the Nov. 2 general strike, numerous masked protesters carried shields in the image of books, like Ursula K. Le Guin’s as symbols of their cause but also as protection from police.”
927	At the outset, he was skeptical of those with overly ambitious goals to end homelessness.
928	At the Palms Train Depot, learn about local railroad history and browse the gift shop for art deco–inspired jewelry, parlor games or a reticule kit.
929	At the rally at the duck boat business, the Rev. Zachary Klein said he had no words of comfort to offer the families of victims "because there simply are no words to comfort them."
930	At the same time, however, it reveals one of the problems inherent in monetizing podcasts: there’s a difference between downloading and listening.
931	At the same time, however, only 11 percent of the people questioned say that they regularly perform backups.
932	At the same time, it has several government agencies working on preventing or reducing the use of bitcoin for illegal transactions.
933	At the same time my doctor prescribed dessicated thyroid which I couldn’t raise past 25mg.
934	"At the same time that blogging has taken off, we've also had a real zeitgeist shift where suddenly the idea of living in a green and prosperous way is really hot.
935	At the same time, the reader is very much aware of the passing of time.
936	At the start of the service-suggest project, we manually trained NLC for a handful of Bluemix services.
937	At the time of his announcement Akinola added, “Doctor Who is woven into the fabric of British culture and recognized globally.
938	At the time, she had selfishly assumed her father simply wanted to lavish his oldest daughter with attention.
939	At the train stop there is no sign, but it is definitely a book stand.
940	At the very top, the land was leveled flat, and his cousin was building a large house there.
941	At this point, the customer posted on their public timeline and merely mentioned wishgenie and that was the extent of it.
942	At this time, in the late 1970s and 1980s, telecoms wanted to put large numbers of satellites into geostationary orbit, where they could maintain a fixed position relative to the ground.
943	At this time, though, I'm not finding either to be very compelling.
944	ATTN: SCBWI'ers - I've uploaded the Page by Page video to YouTube.
945	Attorneys negotiated the price cut as more rape and other sexual misconduct allegations surfaced against Weinstein.
946	At virtualization leader VMware, he served as the vice president of worldwide marketing during its break-out into server computing.
947	Audience planning enables the marketer to understand the consumer they want to reach, then tailor their message to that audience.
948	Audrey stayed home and went to a party the night before.
949	Aug 13th at 12:17 pmAnd the relationships is better than dating – as it can include also work related relationships, friendships etc.
950	Aug 13th at 5:37 pmI wrote a very lengthy comment praising the tag surfer changes to the sky on a forum post in this thread below but the comment disappeared.
951	Aug. 21, 2017 - Skyrocketing price tags for new drugs to treat rare diseases have stoked outrage nationwide.
952	A unique domain gives your website a professional look, strengthens your brand, and makes it easier for your visitors to find you.
953	Aurora Teagarden is a beautiful young librarian with a passion for solving murders.
954	A user with appropriate permissions can also create a linked report to personalize a report, such as setting a specific parameter value when the report opens.
955	Austin has no other option but to save two worlds from an evil being.
956	Auth0 CEO Jon Gelsey, left, with co-founders Eugenio Pace, center, and Matias Woloski.
957	Author Carol J. Perry joins us today to brew a wicked good drink for her new novel.
958	Automated driving also appears in the scenarios for the future that General Motors developed in the 1960s.
959	Automating this process saves you time, money and effort.
960	Automation for manufacturing today is where computer technology was in the early 1960's, a patchwork of ad-hoc solutions lacking a rigorous scientific methodology.
961	A vaquero, Juan Antonio, sits upon his horse as the sun begins its decent over Hacienda Las Trancas in Mexico.
962	A version of this article appears in print on 07/06/2014, on page edition with the headline: Fine Perfumes of the Animal World.
963	A very tasty combination.
964	A veteran high school teacher befriends a younger art teacher, who is having an affair with one of her 15-year-old students.
965	A violist is the butt of many jokes, as so many viola parts are underwritten—what if that butt of all the jokes was actually a prodigy, and what if none of it caused him any angst?
966	Aviv Raff, CTO of security firm Seculert, said he’d seen a recent copy of the Zeus source code, as well, and found some interesting bits in there.
967	Avocados provide that fat.
968	Avoid ALL farmed fish and shrimp varieties – period – even if Seafood Watch says they’re a “Best Choice”.
969	Avoid the brighter colors in the lipstick selection, they will only make lips appear larger.
970	Away from work Channa enjoys travel, sport, wildlife photography and spending time with his wife and two young daughters.
971	A white boy exclaimed, "I thought he was white!"
972	A white or pearl colored ribbon is the symbol for lung cancer.
973	A whodunit with a Breakfast Club.
974	A wild coming-of-age story set during the twilight of apartheid in South Africa and the tumultuous days of freedom that followed, this audiobook is by turns hilarious, bizarre, tender, dark, and poignant.
975	A winner will be randomly drawn through the Rafflecopter widget and will be contacted by email within 48 hours after the giveaway ends.
976	A winter staple, a bowl of soup will not only keep you warm but also boost your immune system.
977	A woman arrives in the village of Winsford on Exmoor.
978	A woman attending the show with her autistic children loved the sign.
979	A word to the wise - be careful about cooking meringues when it's humid.
980	A workstation equipped with GPUs that has roughly the same processing power usually cost around $10,000.
981	AWS KMS uses your CMK to decrypt the data key, and then sends the plaintext data key to Amazon EBS.
982	A. Yasur-Landau, E.H. Cline, and G.A. Pierce, "Middle Bronze Age Settlement Patterns in the Western Galilee, Israel," Journal of Field Archaeology 33/1 (2008) 59-83.
983	A young boy is thrust into Terrigenesis and is then hunted.
984	A young woman with a once-in-a-generation palate becomes the iconic chef behind the country’s most coveted dinner reservation in J. Ryan Stradal’s brilliant debut.
985	Azure may be different – though I was interested to find another user with similar frustrations (it’s worth reading this thread, as Microsoft’s moderator Yi-Lun Luo gives a handy technical outline of Azure and Live Services).
986	Azure’s AKS tools simplify configuring Kubernetes, but you need to deploy straight into an AKS instance—a hurdle for anyone developing new apps or handling a migration of an existing service.
987	Baby rainbow boas always seem to find their way to the very center of the crumpled newspaper and rest there coiled up in a tight ball.
988	Baby Shark is basically a good girl who learns to be dangerous and even bad if she has to be.
989	Back at home and reluctantly living life as an average Joe, London reconnects with the one girl, Daphne, who represents the best and the worst relationship he ever experienced.
990	Back-end technology is improving for Speech Recognition, Natural Language Understanding, Text-to-Speech and Speech-to-Text, all of which have potential enterprise applications.
991	Background image: Supports displaying the image in the background of the button.
992	Back in October, just weeks before the 2016 Election, FBI Director James Comey dropped a bomb when he announced that there were developments in the investigation into then-candidate Hillary Clinton’s emails.
993	Back in the 2014 time frame or perhaps earlier, (memory plays tricks sometimes) I seem to recall a debian developer or perhaps a few, saying ‘apt-get’ was deprecated in favour of ‘apt’, for the average user.
994	Back on two wheels!
995	Back when I was first learning the piano, I preferred the voice and romance of the violin but all we had was an ancient, Weinstein & Sons upright piano with a cracked sound board.
996	Bacopa (synonyms Bacopa monniera or Brahmi) is a natural nootropic (well tolerated cognitive enhancer) traditionally used in the Ayurvedic (Indian) medicine that is able to improve and protect brain functions.
997	"Bad rice wine is exactly like bad cooking wine," warns Young.
998	Baggage fee waivers are available for up to three passengers traveling in the same reservation as the SPG Platinum elite member.
999	Bake at 375-degrees for 40 minutes or until crust browns and topping is bubbly.
1000	Baked in a water bath until set.
1001	Bake for 30 to 35 minutes, until the crust is a golden brown, and the caramel is bubbling.
1002	Bake for 35 minutes or until the top is golden brown and cooked through.
1003	Balance each platform’s strengths and weaknesses to make the right choice.
1004	Baldwin delves into the darkness of humanity without ever once turning away from the light.
1005	“Baldwin opened the door of possibilities using succulents as fabulous design elements not only in colorful well scaled plant groupings in the landscape but as attractive showcase container plant gardens.”
1006	Baloise offers its customers the best of both worlds when it comes to pensions: comprehensive BVG insurance contracts and the partially autonomous foundation.
1007	Bands of Sunnis target Shi'ites in retaliation, Sunni political leaders like Adnan Pachachi said, suggesting that significant organizations, rather than small splintered cells of vigilantes, are driving the killing.
1008	Banks made a big push to reach customers through their mobile phones.
1009	Bank Your Fat to Look Younger Storing your fat cells may be the best way to maintain a youthful face.
1010	Barbara Abercrombie () breaks down her advice to writers into 365 short passages, one for each day of the year.
1011	Barbara Barbara, We Face a Shining Future is also an album longtime fans will instantly embrace, but it's an evolution as well.
1012	Barbetta has been with Goldman Sachs for nearly 20 years, and is now chief operating officer of Goldman Sachs Asset Management's portfolio management.
1013	Barolo the Likely Star of Italy's 2016 HarvestMost regions were just happy to get a decent harvest, but Piedmont could have a vintage for the ages.
1014	Bar pointer colors vary continuously based on scale values, which give smooth color transition effect.
1015	Baseball history is littered with prospects who could pitch and hit, and big-league organizations always require the player to ultimately choose.
1016	Basecamp Books and Cafe to Open in Roslyn, Wash.
1017	Based in the latest research in neuroscience, this audiobook offers dozens of little things you can do every day to rewire your brain and creat.
1018	Based on the celebrated novel by George Feifer, it’s a compelling reminder of life behind the Iron Curtain.
1019	Based on the international best selling book.
1020	Based on two software systems that have helped Google drive its own online operation for years–Flume and MillWheel–the service is a way of more easily moving, processing, and analyzing massive amounts of digital information.
1021	Based on type, the global market was led by cheddar cheese powder and followed by mozzarella cheese powder.
1022	“Based on what I’ve seen, given the inflation rate that would be applied in the outer years to the Medicaid program, the Senate bill is going to have more impact on the Medicaid program than even the House bill.”
1023	Basically, were there any "fails" along the way?
1024	Basically, when I go to the movies, I want to be entertained.
1025	Basically, you (and your inner child) need this book in your life before the crisp nights of fall and all the fun of Halloween arrive.
1026	Bates had both legs severed after stepping on a pressure plate mine.
1027	Baylor coach Kim Mulkey held court for nearly 20 minutes Monday night after yet another win over Texas.
1028	Be agile in the sense that you can respond quickly to change but also agile enough to recognize when it isn’t yet time to change a process.
1029	"Beautiful Ruins" ranges wider in time and space, beginning in Italy in 1962 and hopping back and forth from a tiny coastal town there to modern-day Los Angeles and the Midwest.
1030	Be careful, as the mixture is extremely hot at this point and will bubble.
1031	Because a cloud backup service will require little if any hardware to be installed on your site, it's relatively easy to perform a full proof of concept using real data.
1032	“Because ASCAP’s predictions depend on the independent actions of third parties, the Bureau concluded that ASCAP had not established either causation or redressability, two requirements for judicial standing,” it said.
1033	Because at that time, that was the generation of warfare we were in. Precision weapons, and I said, once established, is the modes to fight war.
1034	Because dermabrasion is such a deep and aggressive procedure, it can make your skin a lot better but definitely not without risk.
1035	Because in real life, many who suffer from any disorder say they want the help, but actually don’t want it.
1036	Because I thought that was very, very nice, actually.”
1037	Because it's a lot less fragile than the iPad!
1038	Because it was so simple.
1039	Because I've been sitting here, let's be honest, thinking "I've never met her.
1040	Because nothing says heart attack like putting bacon mustard on your bacon cheese baconburger.
1041	Because of the importance of trade to the Nan Song, the province was also important as a shipbuilding and commercial centre for both overseas and coastal trade.
1042	Because of this, anyone who has experienced the near-orgasmic, adrenaline rush (don’t deny it) of a movie projector flickering to life as the lights fade away — along with your disbelief — will find themselves in lockstep with a kindred spirit …
1043	Because of this, several attendees were skeptical about the environment surrounding the conference.
1044	Because Poppo decided that climbing was not just a hobby for Ashima but her life, starting when she was 8 he made her climb whether or not she wanted to.
1045	Because the bar foo is in the test scope but the function is executed in the browser under test.
1046	“Because the FTA wouldn’t have known about it until we—”
1047	Because the outstanding novels I read shut my critical brain off, I can enjoy them wholeheartedly, so I don’t think I’m missing anything.
1048	Because the owner has good taste.
1049	Because these services are designed for syncing, if you delete or change a file on another device, that change will sync and the file will be deleted or changed on all your computers.
1050	Because the two brothers were on opposing sides of the war, had not seen nor spoken to one another since the early months of the war.
1051	Because they run on the client, nanoflows work in offline scenarios and deliver a more responsive and delightful user experience because they don’t need to make requests to the server.
1052	Because this will affect advertisements, and therefore revenue, we wanted to deploy it first thing on a Monday, which would give us the best reporting possible on any potential revenue impact.
1053	Because those poles are Modesto Irrigation District property, his staff takes note of their locations and is working with the utility to have them removed.
1054	Because we're only a few issues in, there's still a lot of details being revealed.
1055	Becca made herself not watch her walk away, the fact that she wanted to do just that surprising her more than anything else that had happened so far this morning.
1056	Be consistent with font sizes for different elements.
1057	Beef stew keeps well in the refrigerator, in an airtight container, for up to a week.
1058	Been doing the GridWorld demo and it seem to function the same if camera view is blocked by a plane or not.
1059	Been far too busy this weekend, even to think about England.
1060	Before creating an EC2 Fleet, Example Corp verifies that it has an IAM role with the required permissions.
1061	Before going further, it pays to pin down exactly what areas we’re talking about.
1062	Before I move on, there is one important thing that I want to point out about the technique that I just described.
1063	Before joining the Prints and Multiples Team as an associate, Alya was an intern with artnet Auctions for six months working on client development.
1064	Before long they become a moving band of thousands, walking hundreds of miles seeking safety — first in Ethiopia and then in Kenya.
1065	Before opening doors in new cities, a team is dispatched to connect with locals to quickly establish a community.
1066	Before snagging his first picture book contract, he created art for more than 300 book jackets and interior illustrations — more published art than many illustrators create in a lifetime.
1067	Before that I thought it might have been Anna, too.
1068	"Before that, though, there were 75 really good minutes.
1069	Before the accident I was always an go go go type of person.
1070	Before the verdict on Thursday, McGregor faced 12 criminal charges related to the offence, carrying a maximum seven years in prison.
1071	Before your 2018 calendar fills up, start planning your trip to Barcelona on March 8 for Git Merge—an event dedicated to the developer community’s favorite version control tool.
1072	Before you sluff off the words, “It’s all in your head,” understand, that yes, it is all in the head.
1073	Begin by zeroing in on the sections of the disaster recovery and business continuity plans that are most likely to change in the course of a year.
1074	Behind the Bar Videos - ChowhoundWhat Is the Difference Between Cioppino and Bouillabaisse?
1075	Being able to share the experience with others adds value to virtual reality.
1076	Being an autoflowering strain has its advantages.
1077	Being aware of what old clients say about their solutions will also help you make a great option.
1078	Being early in volume production gives Everspin Technologies time to reduce costs during manufacturing, said Jim Handy, a semiconductor industry analyst with Objective Analysis in Los Gatos, Calif.
1079	Being ready for crises is an essential element of this kind of brand image protection.
1080	Being the rebel that I am, it is important to have the date range be dynamic.
1081	Believe it or not, but any computer connected to the Internet is vulnerable to cyber attacks.
1082	Believe it or not, Conlin has been quoting from the Bill James Handbook in recent weeks.
1083	Belize Tours with KaWiil in Central America; is an excellent tour company carrying out trips to ATM Cave, Cave Tubing, Zip Line and to the Mayan ruins: Tikal, Xunantuntich, Caracol and the Belize Zoo.
1084	Bell and his agent, Adisa Bakari, will emphasize guarantees, which is traditionally not an emphasis for the Steelers.
1085	Below are our plans for conferences hosted by two of the major public cloud providers.
1086	Below, O’Reilly walks us through how he has created the beer list at Republic and what advice he has for other beer buyers.
1087	Below, we’ve paired five excerpts from Davidson’s memoir with photographs of the same locations.
1088	Belted in and ready for my run.
1089	Benchmark is one of those most successful venture firms ever.
1090	Ben cried as her mum let herself out with Mia on her hip.
1091	Bennet’s memo was written after an internal Slack chat was leaked, showing NYT employees frustrated both by Weiss’ tweet and her entitled self-defense earlier this week.
1092	Bernays duly proposed, and Fleischman decided to go to Europe anyway.
1093	Be safe, have fun and hope to see ya tomorrow!
1094	Besides particular genes, there are other "out-of-your-control" factors that play a role in getting an autoimmune disease—like gender, in which women (especially women of childbearing age) are more likely to have autoimmune diseases than men.
1095	Besides, she sees all the young women coming and going from Zach's house.
1096	Besides, so many decision to be made for the renovations.
1097	Besides you can add Oriya keyboard from the setting and use it on any application.
1098	Bespoke is about the person receiving it, rather than me.
1099	Best Books for BabiesMel has kindly archived their annual lists of great books for little ones.
1100	Best Buy is offering the tablet at the best price with a store gift card.
1101	Best fiction list includes two YA novels.
1102	Best line in the article: “They talked about the pressures in their lives, both real and imaginary.”
1103	Best of 2017 2017 was another busy year that flew by.
1104	Best of all, if you split the screen vertically and then rotate your device, the split smartly changes to a horizontal one.
1105	Best of all, many of these options are affordable — starting at about $1 per square foot, according to Mary Boone, writing for zillow.com. If you would rather not do it yourself, most places that sell flooring can help you find an installer.
1106	Best of all, one of our events was an ice cream social for the U.S. House of Representatives, where 900 Congressional staffers showed up to learn more about the Youth Promise Act.
1107	Best of all, you only need one skillet to make this Mozzarella-Tomato-Basil Frittata.
1108	Bestselling author John Sandford takes all the action and suspense of his acclaimed Prey novels and heads west to the dark gleam of L.A.--where the Night Crew works.
1109	Best Shot Selector (BSS) automatically takes up to 10 shots while the shutter is pressed and then saves the sharpest image.
1110	Be sure to use whatever tagging mechanism your analytics software requires, so you’ll know which ad generates which clicks.
1111	Be that audience on Friday and Saturday, July 20-21, when “” hits Louisville Fringe Festival at two venues in Germantown-Schnitzelburg.
1112	Beth's absence from the scene had many watchers worried that she had died and that they might be going to visit her grave, because is a show that loves delivering gut punching news in cryptic ways.
1113	"Better to be deprived of food for three days, than tea for one."
1114	Better yet, sell consumers an add-free version e-book, but make it cost more than the paper version.
1115	Between 1930 and 1934, the Nationalists under launched a series of five encirclement campaigns against the Soviet Republic.
1116	Between Pepsi Pink (a strawberry and milk-flavored beverage), Pepsi Gold (a ginger soda) and Pepsi Blue Hawaii (pineapple and lemon-flavored, of course), there’s an entire rainbow of taste left unexplored by most of the Western world.
1117	Between September 2015 and October 2016, GO-JEK was the number one ride-sharing app in Indonesia based on DAU ranking and install penetration.
1118	Between the hundreds of online recipes, the chip, and the charts for steaming and chopping guides included in the accompanying cookbook, you should be able to figure out what your machine can — and can’t — do.
1119	Between washings, tap filters clean over the trash to remove any excess dust and other particles.
1120	Be wary of those around you who want to deceive you.
1121	Beyond a Darkened Shore has been on my radar for quite a while and I’m particularly intrigued by it.
1122	Beyond being “just” entertaining, we felt we had to address the idea of information literacy head on.
1123	Beyond fixing that, there's nothing special happening here.
1124	Beyond the two CDs, it also included a DVD and a Blu-ray and a photobook of images.
1125	Beyond the world of e-publishing, imagine what Michael's thousands of free e-books mean to, say, community college students without the cultural and intellectual advantages he enjoyed growing up.
1126	Bianca, the daughter of an infamous alchemist, must prove her innocence in the poisoning of her best friend and uncover its connection to a threatening pestilence before she is arrested and London succumbs to the plague.
1127	Biancuzzo graduated, with honors, with a bachelor's in journalism from the University of Wisconsin-Whitewater, which gave him an Outstanding Alumni Award in 1989.
1128	Big Data gets so much hype that being with real practitioners felt awesome.
1129	Big deal, he wasn't disrespectful just informative.
1130	Big marketing budgets may give people an initial advantage, but at the end of the day, if people like your app, they will buy it and you will find success.
1131	Big money and murder come to rural Virginia in Sandra Parshall’s latest mystery.
1132	Biological expeditions added to the growing body of knowledge of plant and animal forms and led to the 19th-century development of the theory of evolution.
1133	Biskind's done the heavy lifting.
1134	Bistro Elan remains one of my favorites and is well-deserving of a place in that company, though I have heard about the occasional less than stellar first experiences there.
1135	Bitnami native installers automate the setup of a Bitnami application stack on Windows, Mac OS and Linux.
1136	Black Clergy of Philadelphia and Vicinity “The sort of progressive viewpoints that really make him somebody who could bring a new approach to criminal justice in the city”
1137	Black people, and other groups, are harassed every single day by others, who thinks they are somehow better, often by white people.
1138	Bladell 2.0 is now on a path to exact revenge on every person who ever bullied her.
1139	Blaenavon’s debut dealt in a lot of gloom and sadness – the main hook of single ‘Lets Pray’ found their frontman chanting “Let’s pray for death“, while he pegged himself as “an apathetic pipsqueak” on the title track.
1140	Blazer in washed cotton and linen with lapel collar and patch pockets.
1141	Block 15 minutes off your calendar.
1142	Blockbuster film series led to spike in archaeology courses, careers.
1143	Blog / August 8, 2016 4 Video Marketing Metrics that Matter (and CTR Doesn’t Make the List) How important are the metrics tossed around in the video marketing industry?
1144	Blood vessel walls thin with age as well, and may become so fragile that a bruise appears even though you have not impacted anything with sufficient force to notice the event.
1145	Bloody Sunday 2018 (Photo Credit:bloodysundaymarch.
1146	Bloom one strand of that and it overwhelms a whole dish for me.
1147	Bluetooth signal is great, too, with virtually no blips or interference to spoil the experience.
1148	Blurry vision may be experienced in one eye or in both eyes, depending upon the cause.
1149	Boggs considers the possibility of never having children, and briefly arrives at “the conscious possibility of a new purpose, a sense of self not tied to reproduction,” though with regard to the book, this is fleeting.
1150	Bojangles" and America's "This Is For All The Lonely People."
1151	Bold and/or italics on some screens isn't striking enough and easily glanced over.
1152	BolehVPN only offers connections to 12 countries from 35 servers, but it has all kinds of different options for each country.
1153	Bone age was delayed by 1.5 years.
1154	Bono and Ali have made African welfare and justness their life's mission, so their clothing line is also completely sourced and manufactured in Africa.
1155	Book characters always seem to be blonde but I always imagine brunettes, why?
1156	Book Review & Blog Tour: The Castaways by Elin Hil.
1157	“Books need a reason to exist.”
1158	Book yours at the-royal-wedding-party.
1159	Bordered by the Arctic Ocean to the north, the Atlantic Ocean to the west and the Mediterranean Sea to the south, Europe holds fascinating treasures in every direction.
1160	Born in the Republic of Korea, Mr. Ban’s childhood was scarred by war.
1161	Born into a family of fishermen and trained under the wing of the uncle who raised them from two years old, when their mother died, the brothers are the fourth generation of their family to work the sea off this bold coast, the Costa Brava, of Catalonia.
1162	Boston Irish Chief of Staff to President Trump, is starting to sound like his master's voice with his racially inflammatory sentiments.
1163	Both approaches can speed up learning, aid in decision making, and help current and future leaders avoid common pitfalls, so ultimately they can perform at a higher level and achieve better results for themselves, their team, and the organisation.
1164	Both apps need to be built to support Split View—older apps that haven’t been updated just won’t work.
1165	Both are bookstores I’ve long admired (Politics and Prose was actually the first indie bookstore I ever stepped foot in), and at both readings, I wore my Literati shirt.
1166	Both are currently on the airwaves.
1167	Both are wonderful things to have on hand, no matter who you are.
1168	Both face hidden truths about their past and the secrets which caused the falling out between their families all those many years ago.
1169	Both Google and Amazon don’t place any limits, saying that the frontend load balancers will scale up as needed to support the traffic.
1170	Both hands on the bat, I watched the metal ball descend, then swung.
1171	Both index pages and large fields are compressed, yielding memory and disk savings.
1172	Both Markle and Williams have used their fame as a platform to discuss human rights, and considering they're both hardworking, inspiring women, it’s easy to see why they would've connected so well.
1173	Both novels are seeking the “truth.”
1174	Both of these companies, as well Google, IBM and others, see huge potential for machine learning in the cloud and deep learning applications built on their respective platforms.
1175	Both on stage and on screen, Beatriz has taken on a wide range of roles that demand everything from comedy chops to a deep insight into human nature and a willingness to get dark.
1176	Both originate in Southern Europe though are now grown in just about every place with a temperate climate.
1177	Both parts are important, but let’s start with the new chip.
1178	Both peoples relationships ended because of reasons other than cheating or wanting to date another sex.
1179	Both players can see the same objects on their own devices, and those objects can have persistence so they reappear in the same place the next time you use the same app.
1180	Both sides of the firewall will be processing incorrect addresses.
1181	Both the postcards and greeting cards are completely customizable.
1182	Both top-down approach and bottom-up approaches were used to estimate and validate the market size of the satellite transponder market.
1183	Bought this model as refurb here about three years ago.
1184	Bouillabaisse was invented in Marseille and we were determined to try the local version.
1185	Bradway joined Amgen in 2006 and has served the company in senior finance and operations strategy roles, including chief financial officer and chief operating officer.
1186	Bradys religiously and my sisters and I all swooned for Jan and Marcia’s hair.
1187	Brainstorm Multimedia provides industry-leading real-time 3D interactive graphics solutions for all broadcast graphics types and workflows as well as for feature film production.
1188	Brands and agencies — and influencer marketing platform developers —that continue to rely on demographic information alone do so at their own peril.
1189	Brands can now reach consumers through multiple channels, devices and platforms using a variety of tools and technologies.
1190	Brava on such a brave piece.
1191	Bream, who was "welcomed back" to the Penn State chapter in an old post on the chapter's website, has not responded to multiple phone messages or emails left by PennLive since February.
1192	Breshad Perriman, WR for the Baltimore Ravens at NFL.
1193	Brew from the Guatemalan beans hit notes of dark chocolate and honey.
1194	Brian pulls up a few example from audience members that were having difficulties.
1195	Bright lights, busy streets, and sky-high skyscrapers: it's Sago Mini Big City!
1196	Bring back Malcolm X! Bring back Malcolm X!
1197	Bristol University Press was founded in October 2016 to give the award-winning a means to expand into new areas and access a broader stream of research that will allow it to grow and flourish throughout the world.
1198	Britain will be the first member state to leave the EU, meaning that there is no pre-existing formula to follow.
1199	"Broadcasting magazine has a thing called the Fifth Estater.
1200	Broadway star Andrew Keenan-Bolger is not a stranger to getting nearly naked to do his job.
1201	Bro, Ho to settings>Data Usage>(press menu button)>Mark (Restricte background data… Its 100% works……
1202	Brokered CDs will generally carry a higher rate of interest from online and smaller banks because they’re competing nationally for depositors’ dollars.
1203	Brook Henderson won the 2016 KPMG Women’s PGA Championship in a playoff over Lydia Ko.
1204	"Brooklyn for me is like a little Paris," she says.
1205	Brooks' keen power of description enables one to visualize every feature of the characters and their surroundings.
1206	Brown is the person who discovered Eris, a 10th solar system object that's about 27 percent more massive than Pluto.
1207	Bruce Miller is probably right to assume that these same 21st-century viewers would have found an all-white cast in The Handmaid’s Tale jarring.
1208	Bryson Tiller said don’t and y'all still doing it.
1209	Btw; Brownback wants to be president, someday.
1210	Buckingham, S.A., Frings, D., Albery, I.P. (2013) “Group membership and social identity in addiction recoveryPsychology of Addictive Behaviors.
1211	Buckling springs are similar to tactile mechanical switches in that they both activate when the resisting force is overcome, rather than activating when the key bottoms out.
1212	Bug fixes for Chrome 67 include nine rated high.
1213	Building self-service site collection provisioning solution for modern sites.
1214	Build mobile applications in code you’re comfortable with, create a richer user experience for your users and become part of the ever-growing mobile market place.
1215	Built by engineers who recognized that to achieve their Agile adoption objective, they needed to create a product that could facilitate superior load and performance testing continuously.
1216	Built-in support for displaying stacked headers, unbound header rows that can span across multiple rows and columns.
1217	Built onto this is the rather frightening suggestion of another friend – ‘monogamy’s not normal’ she said.
1218	Bu it is one anyone can enjoy.”
1219	Buses, like most public transportation, isn’t nearly as exciting as your own private car, but it makes more sense in this context.
1220	Businesses can create multiple welcome messages and deep link directly to a specific greeting from Tweets, websites, or apps.
1221	Businesses need to be able to spot the next trend, no matter how unlikely it first appears.
1222	Business Takes Trial and Error This is a paid post but I still thought there were some valuable “real” insights from an actual business owner.
1223	But according to the University of Maryland’s India Human Development Survey, shifting economic forces are reshaping residence patterns.
1224	But a couple of days of mellowing and melding created a much tastier brownie.
1225	But actually, one of the secrets to long-term success is that millionaires continue to adjust their goals to stay motivated.
1226	But, alas, I am very busy now.
1227	But another historical precedent might provide a model—and also chimes with contemporary concerns about “technofeudalism”, argue Jaron Lanier, a virtual-reality pioneer, and Glen Weyl, an economist at Yale University, who both work for Microsoft Research.
1228	But as Carlos mixes together all the ingredients of his new life--his job, his girlfriend and his family--the recipe doesn't quite turn out the way he plans.
1229	But as he says, “They make great houseplants on the most part.
1230	But as I often say to beginning writers, even bad guys love their moms.
1231	But as I’ve studied the Scriptures, I realized parables were not always understood by everyone in the crowds of people that would come to hear Jesus teach, nor were they meant to.
1232	But ask two simple questions, and you can add conflict.
1233	But at the dawn of the 2010s, a series of favorable trends changed their trajectory.
1234	But at the end of 1976, deposits stood at $20,300,000 and loans had practically tripled.
1235	But at the same time, we're not going to raise them half a million dollars, so there is kind of a limit of what our program can do in two weeks.
1236	But a word of warning, with imaginative play and hands-on activities, plus one-on-one interactions with Anna, Elsa and Olaf, you may have trouble getting them to leave this new space at the end of the night.
1237	But based on his interactions with Marthage, Sears concluded that "she's actually evolved."
1238	But being on the road nearly a month for the Olympics means they need to bring a lot of clothing and accessories.
1239	But both also age and so, inevitably, they change.
1240	But both times, the Cajuns drained a three-point shot, pushing the advantage back to double digits.
1241	But, by focusing on future outcomes, Labour’s plans repeat a well-worn pattern.
1242	But by page 65, I feel as if I've just read thinly veiled info dump after info dump.
1243	But caching that uses system memory, flash-based DIMMs or PCIe NVMe SSDs requires the installation of caching software at the driver, OS or application layer, introducing a potential point of failure or performance degradation.
1244	But can there be too much empathy?
1245	But can they still hold up when they’re powered on?
1246	But Carr Childers says no amount of money could repair the damage done by the tests.
1247	But Charlize has revealed that that deliberate race to put on weight was intense.
1248	But Conor isn't the only Maynard with a desire to be famous.
1249	But Damon’s fresh-faced innocence is key to the movie’s appeal.
1250	But did you know I have put my money where my mouth is?
1251	But did you know the star is also an entrepreneur?
1252	But doesn't it make you want to go read a book by each of these authors?
1253	But don't lose heart — sometimes the payoff comes years down the road.
1254	But especially with bras it’s easy to tell if the item has more wear left in it!
1255	But even for a homeothermic animal, the temperature is not consistent across the body.
1256	But eventually, DeGuglielmo went back to his alma mater, Boston University, to serve under Sparano — now the offensive coordinator — as his offensive line coach.
1257	But feed them well and show them a glance of the real Japan first.
1258	But few think of calibrating their camera.
1259	But fighting for your rights isn’t greedy, it’s what a vibrant democracy should be about.
1260	But Finrod, who brought Beör to come to live in his court, eventually witnesses his friend relinquish his life willingly and in peace at the ripe young age of 93. It’s heartbreaking to Finrod—Beör only got here (44 years ago)!
1261	But first, I wanted to whip up some spooky people treats, and glazed sugar cookies seemed a good fit.
1262	But first, let’s define some terms.
1263	But for any filmmakers out there who want more than just my amateur photo of a poster, visit our Filmmakers Wanted channel for information on Rentals and how to become a partner.
1264	But for someone who wants to learn as they go, here's a collection of links that will put you in the right direction.
1265	But for Trachtenberg, history shows where such laws lead: "to segregation, racism, oppression, mass incarceration, and ethnic cleansing".
1266	But from a different perspective than yours.
1267	But Grace has done so much more than just bond with her puppy bestie since claiming that top AGT spot two years ago.
1268	But Green largely manages to avoid common pitfalls of new writers, like plot contrivances.
1269	But have reached the limit.
1270	But he draws attention to the magnitude of the gap between our speech, appearance, expectations, and assumptions then and now.
1271	But — here we go — these standards are again based upon rigid, patriarchal stereotypes of what it means to be a man.
1272	But her work means so more than that.
1273	But hold up Mr. Date Doctor, it doesn’t take a lot to fall.
1274	But home doesn’t provide the comfort she expects.
1275	But, I already have a daughter, one who is being brought up with unconditional love and practical and emotional support.
1276	But I also recognize how truly difficult that is to do.”
1277	But I didn't think that was right.
1278	But I do have a new, clean-cut look, a pearly-white, winning smile, a nice, firm handshake.
1279	But I do know I am perfectly willing to take the opportunity presented by the deaths of 20 upper class beautiful children and use it to beat the idiots over the head and try for some sort of change.
1280	But I don't know.
1281	But I do so love Kent.”
1282	But I’d still hazard that HP is a faster read – every book is a page-turner!
1283	But if I could visit an era, I would like to check out the Victorian age in England.
1284	But if she had been walking down the street and said those things to me, I might just have thought she was a crazy person.
1285	But if they don’t drink the alcohol or they drink very little, they’ll probably be OK.
1286	But if you do it in public, there are more chances she will yell at you and/or be overdramatic when people overhear your conversation.
1287	But if you got some fresh hot bread and you smother it in Kerrygold before layering on some salami?
1288	But if you're looking for feminist middle grade books (and who isn't?) this list is a good jumping off point.
1289	But if you want to “change the world,” and solve real problems, being an Entertainer might not be the way to do it.
1290	But I got the latest newsletter in this new template and I’m not enjoying it anymore as much as the plain text.
1291	But I hope this book will be.”
1292	But I knew it meant a lot of selling."
1293	But I know my toddler is never able to finish a homemade pop before it melts or drops on the ground.
1294	But I’m always feeling like ah god, why does it have to be you?
1295	But I'm game to try.
1296	But, I’m going to tell you this: don’t think you’re just going to teach him to say kulaha and run off into the sunset.
1297	But I'm having a tough time with anything Chicago right now.
1298	But I'm having trouble finding it now.
1299	But I'm here to tell you that the rain gets real old, real quick this time of year.
1300	But, I’m just not sure if we are talking about the same thing?
1301	But I need to do some unconventional things.
1302	But in fact, we’re just seeing the world through her eyes—and everything goes on outside of her.
1303	But in his email, Klarman contended that wiping out the debt would hurt residents by undermining Puerto Rico’s ability to access credit markets.
1304	But instead of being taken back to town, the Doctor and Jo arrive in a remote quarry.
1305	But instead of “live long and prosper,” their tagline is “
1306	But instead of playing audio from the Android TV interface through your TV speakers, you get much better audio quality from the soundbar.
1307	But I promise you, this recipe really IS easy.
1308	But I realize that she spoke very strongly.
1309	But is it really a good idea for a database that might live through three teams of developers?
1310	But is there any evidence that detergent is indeed the culprit?
1311	But it has been an irresistible challenge to my technical skills.
1312	But I think it is interesting to see what other people who comment here are doing, it lets me know more about them and their philosophy more than anything else.
1313	But it required that a fan be really committed, and it didn’t have a lot of instant gratification.
1314	But it’s an adjective in “Jack painted his old jalopy purple.”
1315	But it’s still a Tropical Storm, and it is not finished yet.
1316	But I’ve lived with the Galaxy S6 Edge for over six months and I never used any of its edge-specific features.
1317	But I was, if anything, even more impressed by Claire Holman, friend of the family, who plays a vital connecting link between the instalments of the story.
1318	But I was not done with them.
1319	But j/k, it’s cancelled because it’s going to be a pool party in an hour instead!
1320	But just a little of it; it is a heady thing, and if you take too much before you know it you will be coming to in a dive bar with the Lorenz attractor and only a cat map to your name.
1321	But just like those wonky platforms (Steve Madden flatform slides, anyone?) and “dad sneakers” that it seemed would never be taken seriously again, the Bronx native has transcended her satirical persona to become a new-age phenomenon.
1322	But keepers aren't always worried that their young animals will gain too much weight; they're worried that they're not gaining enough.
1323	But know that this is an important milestone for your child, and it empowers them to be an advocate for their health as they grow into adulthood.
1324	But Kurtzman has observed that when a leader is able to bring it about, the results are outsized, measurable, and inspiring.
1325	But language and dialect are as individual as a fingerprint, and technology must learn to decipher the subtle context, implications, and complex structures of human speech.
1326	But let me ask you this?
1327	But Lettie was just a girl, even if she was a big girl, even if she was eleven, even if she had been eleven for a very long time.
1328	But listen, here’s what these examples prove.
1329	But little did I know the toll it would take on me.
1330	But Mama also knows that any other company wouldn’t much mind this kind of day after having added $206 billion in market capitalization, or one Wal-Mart (WMT), in just four and a half months."
1331	But Marvel Studios seem determined to be as secretive as possible.
1332	But mass murder is not an impulsive crime.
1333	But maybe it’s b/c I work in a field w/many that blindly follow experts, that LIE, and I am constantly working to change their perceptions.
1334	But most of all, I love this question due to one simple fact: it's a terrible question.
1335	But most of my pleasure came from my imagination.
1336	But most of the e-mails I receive from people are very good.
1337	But most on our list do not.
1338	But my “what if” mentality didn’t have to venture far to find the potential for disaster.
1339	But no, she has to pick it up herself, in her 4 inch heels and get it into her own car.
1340	But nothing can ever take the place of a physical book in my hands.
1341	But not these two, unfortunately.
1342	But now, Ericsson has partnered with UK operator BT to carry out unique analysis – exploring the potential economic impact of network slicing.
1343	But now that he has dropped out of the race, many conservatives are looking at him again.
1344	But of all the awesome moments I experienced that weekend, my favorite happened as I was walking to the convention center to do my (first-ever) book signing.
1345	But of course we have no idea how this inter-conscience will function (it does not have to be self-aware), or even how exactly we will be aware of its emergence, because its emergence is like a singularity event.
1346	But on another subject: I'm glad you have this book club!
1347	But once back home, I quickly mixed up a pot of the stuff and indulged in a cup.
1348	But one of the best parts of going, with friends and lovers over the years, was the guacamole.
1349	But only SodexoMAGIC’s deal — for $168.6 million over three years — went forward.
1350	“But opening a beer-focused eatery in the conservative city wasn’t so far-fetched for Burrell.”
1351	But other than that this is a perfect place for multiple families or age groups.
1352	But over time, the trend is moving toward increased reliance on digital transactions, many of which will be conducted using a smartphone application that takes advantage of chatbot software to provide financial advice along with other suggestions.
1353	!) But parents be warned - after your children read this book - life may not be the same.
1354	But perhaps they would if they focused instead on the many positive factors undergirding this rally.
1355	But pressure was building up inside me.
1356	But remember, although weeping may last for a night, there will come a dawn of faith when you need to stop weeping and start believing.
1357	But research continues to show that the majority of drugs that have come onto the market offer little or no improvement over the status quo.
1358	But safety goes on a back burner.
1359	But, sending out the e-vites is what has me worried.
1360	But she didn't feel that she really knew the Healys, Amanda said, and she had never met Sara.
1361	But she does add that she can’t start the day right without spending a portion of her time meditating.
1362	“But since it can be so overwhelming, we thought it would be helpful to create a simple, straightforward guide specifically created for people who are contemplating beginning a new diet.”
1363	But so many other wonderful opportunities seized!
1364	But some of us find the alternatives offered us unacceptable even at the outset, and feel a rebellion that later, once we have language and cultural agency, we will (in Western society) act upon as a change in expressing our identity.
1365	“But someone modifying code and traffic on the fly like that is probably organized crime or a nation-state actor, demonstrating training and skills that aren’t everyday things in the DDoS world.
1366	But sometime over the past year, while lying awake at night or comforting a crying friend or in hushed conversations with their spouse, each of these women came to the same conclusion.
1367	But, some videos are released under Creative Commons licenses that require some type of attribution.
1368	“But some years it might be a Queen Anne and others a Frank Gehry.’
1369	But spare a thought for your brain.
1370	"But suppose it took us 6 years to get down to 4 percent inflation?
1371	Butterfly Pattern FormingBullish Butterfly is nearing D completion.
1372	But that's not her only escape — Alex may have left her role on a cult sci-fi TV show, but she encounters superheroes, monsters, time travelers, and robots as she travels west, making stops at comic book conventions all along the way.
1373	But that's not smart for the big leagues.
1374	But that's when the official readings were recorded downtown.
1375	But that won’t be true, at least not entirely.
1376	But the creation and development of a family unit with pets is no less worthy than having a child.
1377	But the effort is enjoyable, especially if you are snowbound or suffering from cabin fever.
1378	But the FBI put Bundy on its most wanted list, and prosecutors pegged him as the man who entered the Chi Omega house early on the morning of Jan.
1379	But the Glass Gauntlet is actually something much more dangerous: head-to-head competitions against ruthless opponents.
1380	But the global financial crisis put paid to plans for redevelopment and although Kurokawa died at the end of 2007, the campaign has been revived.
1381	“But the government that took away our athletes’ opportunity; that ignored the preparation process, is this really just?”
1382	But the history that occurred on Mount of Olives does more than tell the story of rejection.
1383	But the hum was so quiet that sometimes it was more felt than heard, and you had to listen for it if you didn’t want to miss it.
1384	But their amateur detective work has disastrous results, and the two ing nues are caught in a web of drugs, sex, lies and moisturizer that changes their lives forever.
1385	But the law is very clear: "Service animals are working animals, not pets."
1386	But the mastery system allows each student to learn at her own pace.
1387	But the more lasting sensation is the bittersweetness of this portrait of a fallen friendship—at its height, Nabokov wrote to Wilson, “You are one of the few people in the world whom I keenly miss when I do not see them.”
1388	But then again, not that many literary novels have quilting patterns or pasta recipes, so maybe it all evens out.
1389	But then I'd learn something new and would have to think again about what I wanted to say.
1390	But then I have the British stuff to contend with, too, like "inquiry" and "enquiry."
1391	But then, I love “Indian” pudding, grapenut custard, and I miss Bailey’s Hot Fudge sundays.
1392	“But then my agent told me about it and then the NFL also told me about, so then I was like, ‘OK, it’s real.’
1393	But then something stopped her in her tracks, and she went back.
1394	But then the door slammed shut.
1395	But then, we wouldn't have a story.
1396	But the payoff is a much stronger, near-publishable manuscript.
1397	But the political season has made late-night TV much more uplifting because you get to hear things reflected off of these people.
1398	But the political winds seemed to have changed here in Atlanta, where Trump wore out his welcome in an extremely short period with the hardline voters who should be his base.
1399	But there are also (showers of sparks, sometimes also (several long trails of sparks), (a comet that breaks into other comets, usually creating a (a delayed crackle effect), (a loud noise without a display), and (which burst with a blinking effect).
1400	But there is a difference between this picture and the one in Genesis 46. There, the son hugged the father.
1401	But there is still 45 minutes of TV to produce, and thus we hit the open waters to use the best technology yet to measure the speed of a shark.
1402	But there’s a core element that’s compelling enough that you can’t let it go.
1403	But there's not much chance of that.
1404	But there’s this sweet innocence in Justin that sees the positive.”
1405	But there was a monster standing where you should be…
1406	But the story changes after you write it.
1407	But the technology does have its uses.
1408	But the US hasn’t ratified it yet — and a legally binding treaty remains out of reach.
1409	But the U.S., of course, is the world’s most powerful nation, rich beyond measure, and blessed with the exorbitant privilege of paying its foreign debts in its own currency, which it can print.
1410	But they can either walk or study books.
1411	But they too have been linked to most of the cause over the past one hundred and fifty years.
1412	But this week, Nikki Reed revealed a rare update on daughter Bodhi Soleil in honor of her first birthday.
1413	But this writing brought me closer to my mother………………and to God.
1414	But to do that we first had to find a way to get that code.
1415	But to read "A Century of November" now, with the fog of war drifting back our way like mustard gas, only makes it that much more salient.
1416	But two of these stocks saw much larger swings.
1417	But until then, code as one.
1418	But water is a perfect barrier against oxygen, and since guacamole is dense, a little liquid won't water it down.
1419	But… we have already THREE books in the shops of Belgium and the Netherlands!
1420	But we have cast our lot, again, with the torturers and murderers of whom we approve.
1421	But we'll be back next Saturday, June 11, with doughnuts, frozen custard and fried chicken (at 12:00pm).
1422	But we’re just shoveling dirt from the ground onto our own heads.
1423	But “we took a chance on this guy, and two years later he’s a line operator and he’s one of our best employees.”
1424	But what about last year’s food trends?
1425	But what about Windows?
1426	But what does this mean, and how does a problem like this develop in the first place?
1427	But what I see coming through your writing are incredible amounts of passion for the languages you selected.
1428	But what neutrinos lack in size, they make up for in energy.
1429	But what of the way the book treats men, and affects our notion of them?
1430	But what's one scary, uninvited event?
1431	But, what still fills me to this day with great happiness are the memories and what Duncan wrote on the side of the bookcase in the picture.
1432	But, what the hey.
1433	But what we are dealing with here is French biscuit powerhouse LU's very own Spekaloo.
1434	But when a character remains quite consistent, it’s not right to use “He doesn’t grow” as a stick to beat the author with.
1435	But when asked about scale-out capability, he said there would be “great news in future”.
1436	But when I'm working with a steadfast recipe I know works well — and Dorie Greenspan's recipes always work — I just use our AP mix.
1437	But, when Sheriff Ike recognizes the body as a former Russian spy, suddenly it's not only a murder case.
1438	But when the brothers discover he's not the mythic Kilroy after all, a plot is hatched to kick him out of the house and Benson College as well.
1439	But when Uncle Henderson--who has been struggling with depression after his wife's suicide--disappears, Ben, Izzy, and Oliver set aside their differences and hatch a plan to find him.
1440	But when you translate the Russian text, the real magic appears.
1441	But while perusing three or four cookbooks, I also made a list of other dishes I might attempt if time or lack of ingredients forced me.
1442	But while Tingley's history is certainly rich, it is the future that EXPO is looking to ensure.
1443	But why not make that easier?
1444	But with all those great comic book film adaptations we’re finally seeing comes the realization that characters self-professed Wednesday Warriors have known and loved their entire lives suddenly belong to a lot more people.
1445	But with Cristiano Ronaldo departing for Juventus this summer, Bale has been thrust front and centre.
1446	“But with full access to the kernel part of the system, it can steal whatever it wants – credit card numbers, password hashes, social security account numbers – any type of data.”
1447	But WSJ goes all over, so HUGE splash for you.
1448	But Wulff had left too much of a trail of haunting and beautiful recordings to achieve his perfect anonymity.
1449	But yeah, I would prefer a different month.
1450	“But you always feel, with Max, that if only you could get to know him better, there’s so much more that he could say.”
1451	“But you know where he could be.”
1452	But you might find that the differences in architecture and infrastructure between the different options forces you to employ different tools in different environments, especially for load balancing.
1453	But you’re still nervous and searching for answers.
1454	But you’ve got to do your best to show your personality.
1455	Buyer should contact Qualcomm with any questions it may have regarding whether Qualcomm's sale, license, or other transfer of specific Qualcomm products to Buyer conveys to Buyer any rights to Broadcom intellectual property.
1456	"Buyers should pull the trigger as soon as possible if they can find a home they like, as the Fed is scheduled to raise rates at least two more times before the end of the year, and 5 percent 30-year fixed notes are not far off.
1457	Buying silver spoons did not change a person’s life prospects; it only signaled high social rank.
1458	Buzz, Anna and Pooh have fallen, but get back up.
1459	By 1893, there wasn’t any Minneapolis baseball at all.
1460	By all accounts he’s a really nice guy who has done a lot of great work for music and video games.
1461	By and through her body, is how, and this woman’s body rages, desires, screams, and whispers its way into the reader’s body, as if to remind us that the rest of the story will not be silenced.
1462	By contrast, in the new intangible economy, companies will expand and contract more quickly as many more firms vie to be the winner in the race to create and monetize intangible assets.
1463	By default the forced push is not possible, you first need to enable it in the preferences.
1464	By default, this will create a table named after the class, with columns named after the field names.
1465	By default, VACUUM skips the sort phase for any table where more than 95 percent of the table's rows are already sorted.
1466	“By designing a fun and safe space for the kids, DC Scores becomes an important part of kid’s identity,” she says.
1467	By employing vulnerability management tools, businesses can protect their assets from the ever-growing threat of sophisticated attacks.
1468	By having Peter Parker be a kid that also opens up, I think, a lot of possibilities that are only really explored at the beginning of the other two versions of the films.
1469	By helping us build more quickly they allow for radically new workflows to tackle the gnarliest problems in digital design.
1470	By his calculations, then, putting a million people on Mars could take anywhere from 40 to a hundred years after the first ship launches.
1471	By means of this package, the CloudLinux Team ultimately strives to provide their customers with the highest levels of CloudLinux performance.
1472	By November 2008, I found myself once again laid off.
1473	By now, we’ve reached the conclusion that managing a lot of switches is time-consuming, error-prone, and frankly, not all that interesting.
1474	By offering a high-tech, semi-exclusive glimpse of what transportation could become, Musk helped build a massive following for Tesla, with equally enormous expectations.
1475	By paying your bills on time, spending wisely and only borrowing what you need, you should see your credit score soar.
1476	By reconstructing the complete mitochondrial genomes of each specimen, her team determined that they were all from types of bears - the Asian black, the Tibetan brown and the Himalayan brown.
1477	By summer’s end, he’d taken the Golan off the table, and a few years later, he was arguing against returning Israeli settlements in the Sinai and for including Hebron in Israel."
1478	By the end of summer, Durant carried 225 pounds.
1479	By the end of this course, you will have a clear understanding of what an online analytics platform looks like, and be able to build one on your own!
1480	By the time I had sopped up the pepper-flecked, yellow liquid with my last bite of toast, I had made my decision.
1481	By the time we served the first course, a hot and sour soup fragrant with lemongrass and galangal, Bill’s face had taken on the look of a whitetail deer in the headlights of an eighteen-wheeler on a rainy night.
1482	By the time you’re done, you feel as though you personally know these people.
1483	By the way, I run about 10 miles per week and have for over 10 years.
1484	By the way, just from my “experience”, I personally would never have “back surgery”, no matter what anyone “said”… seen too many failures.
1485	By this logic, should no hechsher be the best?
1486	By this yardstick, a perfect LQ would be 50: the heavenly realm of John Wooden and Goldschmidt.
1487	By Tom Hagy, featuring Peter Norman of Winnieware LLC The following reversal of fortune was inspired by actual events.
1488	By using “neutral” materials such as starch in more imaginative ways, and by building up new products using bio-derived platform molecules, new formulations of sustainable chemical products can be created.
1489	By watching precisely what they were doing day-to-day — the questions they were answering for customers and what it took to reach those answers — MetLife and MongoDB were able to build something much simpler.
1490	CABL helped restore a total of $100 million to post-secondary education this year to cushion institutions to allow more time for a thoughtful restructuring of our higher education system.
1491	Caching was simplistic with Memcache being used for storing page and object caches, and performance was actually not that bad, with the ability to handle a couple of thousand concurrent users.
1492	Cafetaria food is not up to the mark.
1493	Cahal is Vice Chairman of Deloitte UK and Chairman of the Advisory Corporate Finance business from 2014 (previously led the business from 2005).
1494	California asserts that using a warehouse or place of distribution, directly or indirectly, even on a temporary basis is a nexus creating activity.
1495	California summers can reach 100 degrees in the summer, so be prepared to sweat if you’re traveling during the peak season.
1496	Callie feels like she’s getting no where in her investigations – but someone else seems to think she knows too much.
1497	» Call Me By Your Name - Author Autographed.
1498	Call me crazy but I think these chefs have eaten one too many elegant dishes at the French Laundry and now they’re rebelling for something simple and classic.
1499	Calls for a referendum to approve or reject the government’s Brexit deal have typically been voiced by those – like Greening – who are sympathetic to the UK’s continuing membership of the European Union.
1500	Camarota noted that, according to 2009 Current Population Survey, there are about 21.3 million noncitizens among the nation’s 305 million people.
1501	Cambridge Analytica ‘used Facebook data after being ordered to delete it’
1502	Cameron Bright’s reputation can be summed up in one word: b*tch.
1503	Camilla has new framed and unframed original artworks releasing at her STGCC Booth B29.
1504	Camp really is something that is hard to explain unless you go yourself, but Stacy Davidowitz does a great job bringing the reader into Camp Rolling Hills and all of its quirkiness.
1505	Can Activists Beat the Gun Lobby at Its Own Game?
1506	Canadians call BS on The View’s Meghan McCain after she criticizes their universal healthcare systemThursday's episode of "The View" had the table return to the conversation about socialist policies…
1507	Cancer Cells vs. Normal Cells: How Are They Different?
1508	Can certain nutrients boost your sexual performance?
1509	Candace voiced with enthusiasm what we all were thinking, “Let’s track down some men!
1510	Candy-I understand that there is some criticism of her poem as it is not lyrical.
1511	Can either company survive the promotion?
1512	Can he understand a request (e.g., will he nod and hold out his bowl if you ask him if he wants more noodles?) and follow simple commands (“please bring me your shoes”)?
1513	Can I come over tomorrow."
1514	Can I find out what browser and Windows version you are using?
1515	Can it be applied at night?
1516	Canned chipotles are my secret or, rather, not-so-secret pantry essential.
1517	Can one ever have too much tomato jam?
1518	Canonical also provided me the flexibility from a work/life balance standpoint which was very limited or lacking in the traditional corporate environment.
1519	Can't File by the Deadline?
1520	Can that count?
1521	Can the humans possibly win?
1522	Can the Subwoofer placed horizontally?
1523	Can they do that at school?
1524	Can this battery be use on lg g4 beat?
1525	Can’t shut up tonight… About that tire… It’s a great kick to clean up a favorite spot!
1526	Can't wait to read more by her!
1527	Cant wait to read this one.
1528	CANTWELL: During the 2016 campaign, Cambridge Analytica worked with the Trump campaign to refine tactics.
1529	"Can we not," he asks, "take a pre-modern view and look at beauty and excellence without these being extended to the identity of the maker?
1530	Can you give readers a short teaser about what you mean?
1531	Can you guess what Chad compares thunder to?
1532	Can you let me know which is correct?
1533	Capsaicin also binds to receptors on the tongue that detect heat, which is why spicy food feels “hot.”
1534	Captain America and Thor were then dispatched by SHIELD to assist the newly form in battling Namor, who had been manipulated by into attacking the surface world.
1535	Cardi is not the first person to translate social media fame into a lucrative career, but I challenge you to name anyone who’s leveled up as much, and as quickly.
1536	Cards are independent elements that display content and actions on a single subject.
1537	Carney told Bloomberg it was “more likely than not” that the equilibrium rate had begun to rise.
1538	Carrano received his B.S. in Geology-Biology from Brown University in 1991, followed by his M.S. (1995) and Ph.
1539	Carrier message and data rates may apply but, on some text message programs, you may opt out of a text message program by replying "stop" to a message from that program (visit for information).
1540	Carr Valley Cheese is owned and operated by Wisconsin's Master Cheese maker Sid Cook.
1541	Castle Arcana’s Christmas site has not only an Advent calendar to “color,” but A Christmas Carol acted out by cartoon guinea pigs – how can you resist?
1542	Casualty: 9 big teasers about next week's series.
1543	Cats and dogs naturally wiggle when picked up, says Jeffrey, whose professional interests include preventative care.
1544	Caudalie would like you to be satisfied with your purchase.
1545	Caught between trying to live his life and trying to run from it, Charlie must learn to navigate those wild and poignant roller-coaster days known as growing up.
1546	"CBS Evening News": CBS News learned the suspect Nikolas Cruz purchased at least seven rifles over the last year.
1547	C.C. has written seven historical fiction novels including The French Executioner, which was runner-up for the CWA Steel Dagger for Thrillers 2002.
1548	Cefuroxime (Ceftin, Zinacef) is an antibiotic prescribed for the treatment of infections of the middle ear, tonsils, throat, laryngitis, bronchitis, pneumonia, UTIs, gonorrhea, and COPD.
1549	Celebrate the 30th anniversary of television’s longest running summer special with these yummy and creative ideas.
1550	Celebrate the 35th anniversary of Brambly Hedge with this exquisite slipcased volume containing all eight well-loved, classic picture books.
1551	Celebrating 22 years of Creative Stamping & Mixed Media Paper Arts!
1552	Certainly, my upcoming southwestern tall tale picture book is much different than my upcoming YA Gothic fantasy.
1553	Certificate-key pair of the server certificate.
1554	Chains are an accessory staple right now, particularly in jewelry and purse fashion.
1555	Chains like Burger King, McDonald's and others are also embracing technology to win over smartphone-savvy consumers through services like mobile ordering.
1556	Champ was flying home from Phoenix after a three-day work function.
1557	Changing FCC rules requires a simple majority vote of FCC Commissioners, and the party that controls the executive branch also controls the majority of seats on the FCC.
1558	CHAPLEAU, Ontario/LONDON Hundreds of feet below thick boreal forest blanketing the Canadian Shield, a squad of near-silent, battery-powered machines are tunneling toward gold in a multimillion-dollar mining experiment to ditch diesel.
1559	Characters - Plush Toys - Activity - Toys & Games National Book StoreJavaScript seems to be disabled in your browser.
1560	Characters with depth, a story that flows and keeps you turning the pages made this a fantastic book.
1561	Charter actually grew total revenue by 4.9% to $10.7 billion in the first quarter.
1562	ChartMaxx enables healthcare organizations to capture, manage, store and deliver clinical and non-clinical business data and documents content.
1563	Cheat codes for GTA 5 on PC.
1564	Checking in with yourself or your accountability partner gives you a moment to digest the work you’re doing and make adjustments so you can be even more nimble in the future.
1565	Check out how the competition numbers go down when we narrow down our keywords (screenshots from KWFinder).
1566	Check out the annual South Salem Fire Department's Carnival this month.
1567	Check out the full lineup in text form below or in poster form, created by UK artist Lakwena Maciver, above.
1568	Checkpoint Interval Seconds The interval at which the transaction manager creates a new transaction log file and checks all old transaction log files to see if they are ready to be deleted.
1569	Check that each seamstress is getting through the day’s work and where necessary start allocating them work for the following day.
1570	Check with your Payment Method service provider for more details.
1571	"Chee’s advice for the writer spans the pragmatic and the lyrical.
1572	Chef Briwa shows you how to keep lettuce crisp; how to make a simple (and quick) salad dressing; how to build a salad with different ingredients such as nuts, cheese, herbs, and other vegetables; how to make a hand-held Asian salad roll; and much more.
1573	Chef can attest to the fact that her food is delicious, but it also has a greater purpose beyond being a satisfying form of nourishment.
1574	Chez Mégane: Lasagna alla MeganeLife is good here.
1575	CHICAGO - Mayor Rahm Emanuel is taking heat over his own motorcade ignoring red lights and endangering the public - something he says red light cameras are for - to protect the public.
1576	Chicken bones are slowly cooked for 11 hours creating deeply good base with shoyu, the foundation of Tentenyu’s.
1577	Children of the ‘80s will remember their beloved Now you can relive your childhood with this R2-D2-themed binder, which has 1.5 inch rings that hold plenty of loose leaf and up to four folders and notebooks.
1578	Chill for several hours.
1579	China is an important market for the Cupertino, California company, given the number of middle-class consumers who have money to spend.
1580	Chomping on a simple yet great burger brings forth a retreat from fare that’s intricate, complex, and trendy.
1581	Choose any 48-hour time period between 7am (EDT) Friday and 7am (EDT) Monday.
1582	Choose a red T-shirt long enough to be worn as a dress.
1583	Choose a spot and/or method.
1584	Choose who gets the lead notification email based on what kind of lead you have!
1585	Choosing a cosmetic or plastic surgeon is very important.
1586	Choosing to book a tour only with us excludes Thomas Cook Tours from any liability where your privately organised travel arrangements may result in inconvenient or difficult flight connection times/transfer times.
1587	Chowtimes wishes all who celebrate Chinese New Year a Prosperous Horse Year.
1588	Chris is a published author and presenter, specializing in service assurance and operational intelligence for the global market place.
1589	Chris Jaran, Terrafugia's chief executive, tells the BBC: "You can fit it in your garage, you can drive it to any airport, you can unfold the wings, fly it to another airport, fold it up and drive to your destination."
1590	CHRIS: That's what I'm trying to say.
1591	Christie agreed to helm the transition, but he craved a certain spot in the administration: attorney general.
1592	Christie's Loïc Gouzer with the Jean-Michel Basquiat painting that sold to Yusaku Maezawa for $57 million in 2016.
1593	Christopher Henry, a former American cop contracted to train Al Fahar and his peers, wants to know who killed him and why.
1594	CHRIS: Yeah, well, yeah, that's what -- EARL: And that is why people do it, I guess.
1595	Chrome extensions are now compatible in Opera beta.
1596	Cinegy Multiviewer enables broadcasters and production houses to monitor streams from sources locally and remotely.
1597	CIOs who get that also get that cloud is the best vehicle in which to speed to business value.
1598	Ciraolo studied animation at the National Film School in Turin, Italy, before moving to the United Kingdom where she undertook an MA in children's book illustration at the Cambridge School of Art.
1599	Citadel of David, located at Jerusalem's Western Wall near Jaffa Gate.
1600	Civilisation is spreading there.
1601	Cknife’s User-Agent is notable because client-side Java applications are relatively rare.
1602	Claire Beauchamp accidentally started texting with a stranger and fate brought them together.
1603	Clamp the block in the vise and use the pillar drill to drill out the majority of the wood.
1604	Clank up the reserved crispy chicken skin and scatter over the top, followed by the chilli and some picked coriander leaves.
1605	Clare, you did good and happy b'day to Casey.
1606	Clark-Flory: This explanation has been met with reasonable skepticism for a number of reasons.
1607	Clark is the co-owner of a used and rare bookstore in Hobart, NY.
1608	Clearing the environment before restoring resulted in a much slower non-incremental restore operation.
1609	Clearly define limits of authority that go with the delegated job.
1610	Clearly, Nordstrom wants me to spend more money at its stores and is enticing me with a higher credit limit.
1611	Clearly, OnePlus was confident in this camera.
1612	Clemens has explained that, yes, McNamee injected him in the ass with lidocaine to relive arthritis.
1613	Clements was born in London, England, graduated from Emmanuel College, and now lives in New York City.
1614	Click "Finished" when done.
1615	Click here to explore the opportunities and send us your best reason why you want to join us on this journey to the way the world meats!
1616	Click OK, rearrange the module in your sidebar, and click Save Changes to update your blog with the new widget.
1617	Click on through!
1618	Click on 'Tools' (top menu in browser) and select 'Internet options'
1619	Click the dropdown menu to select the ghost effect.
1620	Click this button to clear the passwords to the specified proxy.
1621	Climate and Environmental Physics, University of BernVerified email at climate.
1622	Clothed in open-pore Canadel panelling that traces the horseshoe shape of the rear cabin, it demonstrates the great advances that the craftspeople in the Woodshop at the Home of Rolls-Royce in Goodwood have made in wood crafting technology and techniques.
1623	Cloud-based cognitive computing not only analyzes this data, but can understand, reason and learn from it to continuously improve.
1624	Cloud Foundation is a packaging of the company’s traditional compute virtualization software vSphere with its NSX network virtualization product and its VSAN software-defined storage area network product.
1625	CloudLinux - CloudLinux Releases LibCare, the Toolset for Livepatching of User Space, Free as Open SourceCloudLinux OS is the super-platform for stability and efficiency in shared hosting, developed to address the unique needs of web hosts.
1626	ClutchPoints is a sports news & tracking app that focuses solely on the Big Three pro leagues, and does so with a fantastic combination of presentation, speed, and depth.
1627	Coach Brian Kelly said Coney would be back if he "takes care" of the court case.
1628	Coaches come to watch you play at all your games, so you have to be on all the time.
1629	COEs have access to Unity educational tools, immersive technology, and an innovative ecosystem that helps students, educators, startups, and enterprises realize their goals rapidly.
1630	Cognos Training: 50% Discount – Year-End Budget – I LOVE the way they use Year End Budget because in many companies if you don’t spend the budget you have this year, you won’t get it again next year.
1631	CoinLaw is a free app collecting and summarizing laws of digital currencies around the world.
1632	Colby, that is one fun story.
1633	Cold take > hot take.
1634	Coles will now hand out reusable bags - which normally cost 15 cents - for free.
1635	Collectibles from the Outer Rim: The Empire Strikes Back Photocards from 1980!
1636	Collin Johnson wasn’t physical enough for the staff’s liking.
1637	Collinsville, are you ready to bundle and save?
1638	Colorado Avalanche defenseman Mark Barberio only scored three goals in the 2017-18 season.
1639	Colorant: Liquitint® Sky Blue Dye is a color molecule attached to a couple of polymers.
1640	Colorguard Diamond — Touch Down Band GirlSee, that’s what the app is perfect for.
1641	Colors are very important when we talk about your audience.
1642	Colors may vary from photograph.
1643	Columnist Julie Joyce gives us a glimpse into issues link builders face with clients and.
1644	Com and its designees shall have the right (but not the obligation) in their sole discretion to refuse or move any Content that is available via the Service.
1645	Combine 4 ounces of witch hazel with 1 teaspoon each of sage and peppermint leaves and steep for one to three days before applying to your skin.
1646	Combine the power of realtor.
1647	Combining history, psychology, and anthropology, Junger explores what we can learn from tribal societies about loyalty, belonging, and the eternal human quest for meaning.
1648	Combining our deployment script base with Swarm, dnsdock, Hashicorp Vault, Docker UI, and other components, we assembled a running cluster.
1649	Comcast is committed to developing early-career talent through internships, rotational programs, and full-time opportunities across a wide variety of functions.
1650	Come altri siti web, per raccogliere i dati utilizziamo cookie e tecnologie simili, al fine di fornire un servizio di annunci personalizzati secondo gli interessi dell'utente.
1651	Comedian Dave Barry and ballerina Phyllis Ponn rounded out the revue, which was supported by Jerry Fielding’s orchestra and the Coronet Dancers.
1652	'come sit, let us see if my gems sings for you'
1653	Come, sponsor as many libraries as you can and spread the ethos of Indian Culture.
1654	Come to it, most religions argue that as a non-believer I shouldn´t just face the wrath of their (admittedly male) vengeful deity, but if possible my life before death should be made miserable as well.
1655	Come to think of it, they’re your role models, too.
1656	Coming from Ship.io? You’ve come to the right place, we’ll help you get started.
1657	Command Center from Blue Jeans will now provide IT with historical and real-time insight into their users' audio, video and Web-based conferences.
1658	Comma-separated list of keys of labels, which should be included in message, if these labels are specified for container.
1659	Commerce Cloud Store is a mobile-first POS and store operations solution that empowers retailers to deliver a modern store experience — while helping staff boost efficiency and serve customers better.
1660	Commitment to invest £1 million over the next three years to ensure that each of the 43 children’s hospices across the UK & Ireland receive either a refurbishment of existing or the building of new facilities.
1661	Commit to lunch time walks with a coworker.
1662	Commvault calls it a data platform.
1663	Commvault was already headed in a new direction with its software, changing the name from Simpana to the Commvault Data Platform in 2015.
1664	Companies such as Microsoft have been pushing these partnerships for years.
1665	Company moved eCommerce pages to a subdomain and saw other pages drop in rankings.
1666	Company - Palo Alto NetworksWe are the global cybersecurity leader, known for always challenging the security status quo.
1667	Company provides the following software maintenance and technical support and reserves the right to change or modify the Services at any time and from time to time upon 30 days written notice to you.
1668	Competitively bid prison health-care contracts.
1669	Competitive skier Mindy Wright is a superstar in the making until a spectacular downhill crash threatens not just her racing career but her life.
1670	Complete this form and we'll get back to you within 24 hours.
1671	Comprehensive and easy-to-use tools for high quality video productions.
1672	Computational model of a breast (with cross-section at the top showing the heterogeneous tissue composition) surrounded by an array of antennas that transmit and receive short pulses of electromagnetic energy for the purpose of detecting breast cancer.
1673	Computershare may also disclose your personal information to third party service providers located in the Philippines for call centre services and India for transaction processing services.
1674	Computer vision and image processing algorithms are computationally intensive.
1675	Com reviews submitted anonymously by InsideSales.
1676	COM will not disclose to any individual your name, address, e-mail address, or telephone number without your prior consent except to the extent necessary or appropriate to comply with applicable laws or in legal proceedings.
1677	Concerning the results, three levels of qualification were specified in order to assess the KID-SHELL system protection.
1678	“Condé Nast is on the leading edge of using our audience data for ongoing profiling and analytics, and offering advertisers campaign optimization using real-time sales trend data while their campaigns are still running.”
1679	Conducted by the University of Guelph in Canada, it reported, among other findings, that although therapy horses are more to handlers who’re experienced around horses, they’re with handlers who aren’t experienced.
1680	Confirmed dates and locations: 6-8 October, Barcelona, Spain.
1681	Confirming the news in the interview, Michelle, who recently starred in The Greatest Showman with Hugh Jackman, said, "I never gave up on love.
1682	Confirm it’s correct by clicking “Done”
1683	Congo has the world's largest deposits of coltan, a base mineral from which laptop and smartphone components are constructed.
1684	Congrats on your law scool beating my alma mater.
1685	Congrats to you and the authors.
1686	Congrats to you and Tyrean.
1687	Congress can’t be trusted.
1688	Congress is about to authorize water-improvement projects across the country.
1689	Connecting the iPhone to your Exchange server might come with a few complications.
1690	Connecting these centers is a high-capacity fiber optic network that the company has assembled over the last few years."
1691	Consensus 2016: Making Blockchain RealHow Can I Buy Bitcoin?
1692	Considered a mid-level languate, C/C++ is probably the most popular programming language and usually the most favored among skilled coders.
1693	Considering the number of books I reviewed this month I should, by rights, only be picking one book here, but I read and reviewed so much this month that was truly phenomenal that I just can’t help myself.
1694	Consider Leandra's Snapchats your front row ticket to New York's fashion scene and all things cool.
1695	Consulting with a dietitian and a therapist may help you determine necessary changes in your own attitudes and behaviors around food and weight.
1696	Content from a technical library is retrieved by associating a SIP URI and a HTTP URI with each one of a plurality of existing entries in a technical library maintained by an autonomous computer-based technical assistant.
1697	Continue reading "Apple Wins Patents for iPad Smart Cover, iTunes Store & More" »
1698	Controversial and compelling, In Cold Blood reconstructs the 1959 murder of a Kansas farmer and his family.
1699	ConvergeDirect’s clients span a range of industries including financial services, healthcare, retail ecommerce, consumer packaged goods (CPG) and home services.
1700	Conway also defended Trump's insistence on arguing about the inaugural crowd size, suggesting that Saturday's second ludicrous event — a press conference by the new White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer — offered “alternative facts.”
1701	Cook grits as directed, using chicken broth instead of water.
1702	Cooking around here is a trick, let me tell you.
1703	Cook pasta per package directions; drain and rinse.
1704	Cook until garlic is medium golden, about 1 minute.
1705	COPENHAGEN, Denmark (AP) - Norwegian authorities on Monday defended the actions of guards from a German cruise ship that killed a polar bear that had attacked and injured a crew member, saying they at first tried to scare it away.
1706	Cora and Caesar's first stop is South Carolina, in a city that initially seems like a haven - but the city's placid surface masks an insidious scheme designed for its black denizens.
1707	Core Wars 2018 - AMD just took the lead.
1708	Corporate data leaks are a top concern for many admins, but with good mobile application security practices, including MDM and stored-data encryption, IT can mitigate security and delivery risks.
1709	Cost: $225 Saturday, $185 Sunday or $350 for both days.
1710	Cost of drugs, booze, cigarettes habit got expensive in U.S. last year.
1711	Costumes, ghosts, ghouls, vampires, witches and more--and, of course, these days, very sexy costumes for those who choose!
1712	Could it be that the and Mr. Parris have stumbled onto something (even though unwittingly)?
1713	Could someone give me a summary of choosing proper statistical software based on the size of dataset?
1714	Could these two developments be part of a greater trend towards a freer and more open Cuba?
1715	Could you connect with us via instant chat on the website.
1716	Could you do it in animals?
1717	Could you post your sources?
1718	Countering Violent Extremism becomes the signature counterterror program that he establishes.
1719	Counting billionaires must be one of the Mayor of London’s most important responsibilities.
1720	County hasn’t decided yet if he’s reappointed to advisory board.
1721	Couriers are instructed to open the door as little as possible, slide the packages in, and not enter the home if possible.
1722	Cover both pieces with the salt mixture and sandwich the dill in between them (flesh sides facing flesh sides as Jacob says).
1723	Covered lines with conditions are marked yellow in the tracing mode.
1724	Cover with a plastic cap and let it sit for 4-6 hours.
1725	Cox agrees that there’s a difference between the “connection” of endless, unhealthy browsing of Facebook and comparing oneself to others that can make people feel isolated, and the “closeness” of forging deeper friendships and civic ties.
1726	Craft a poem that editors and judges can't pass up by incorporating these seven techniques.
1727	Create communities with Google+ circles.
1728	Create design-based, intermediate surfaces automatically from the tooling surface.
1729	Create everything from personal blogs to e-commerce websites and more, and use a coupon code for bonus savings.
1730	Create Resources in a JMS System Module This script outputs the google search URL required for search on edocs documentation.
1731	Creation, distribution and review of weekly discontinued item lists at the Domestic and Coastal levels.
1732	Creation helps us all better understand precisely what's important to us, what's worth fighting for, and why.
1733	Credit Cards are very enticing to millions of people.
1734	Criteo is one of the greatest companies I've worked for.
1735	Critics said the picture presented on Friday conflicted with what they had observed.
1736	Cromwell, says Queen Katherine (Joanne Whalley), “used to be a moneylender.
1737	Crossbreeding of these horses (although not all at the same time) resulted in the Heihe breed.
1738	CSF was collected by lumbar puncture in the morning after a 12h overnight fast and a blood sample was also obtained.
1739	“CSG’s continued growth over the last few years, particularly with its WBMS solution, is a strong indication that CSP customers find the company's products and solution delivery capabilities to either meet or exceed their expectations”
1740	CSS expressions or a behavior used for CSS purpose does not make any difference, you are using code to manipulate CSS.
1741	CUDA compatible applications can assign intensive parallel computing tasks, such as real-time video rendering, to the GPU to process, freeing up the computer's CPU to run other tasks.
1742	CUDA enables use of the GPU for massively parallel general-purpose computing.
1743	Culinary rants & raves from Bay Area food professionals from KQED.
1744	Cult-like thinking is everywhere in the U.S. Modern advertising techniques use it, the military uses it, flag waving group think is part of it, us – them mentality is part of it.
1745	Curiously, using OpenJDK and overriding core APIs with Classpath would also give them a pretty good example as to how ridiculous this whole thing is.
1746	Current liabilities and liabilities which can be terminated at any time are shown under the shortest time horizon.
1747	Currently i am doing SEO of the website and i have done complete On page optimization of the website and working on Off page.
1748	Currently I’ve got a bottle of Ryemegeddon, which is made with malted rye and chocolate rye (who knew?) giving it a slight note of…chocolate.
1749	Currently lives in Toodyay, Western Australia.
1750	Currently missing a lot of tracks because they are mixed up with all the other stuff in our feed.
1751	Currently, we focus on particle and extrusion foaming of bio-polymer materials for various applications in the construction and packaging sectors.
1752	Customers can start pre-ordering the iPad on Apple's online store on March 12.
1753	Customized closets, storage garage system, reflective awning have all been added recently.
1754	Custom slim black handles and splayed furniture legs complete the sleek, retro aesthetic.
1755	Cut a strip of red paper (roughly 3”x6”) and fold around the bottom half of the first off-white rectangle to create a pocket.
1756	Cut unhealthy items from your diet like trans and saturated fats, excessive salt, and sugar.
1757	‘Cuz he didn’t terminate that shit and let Host Papa Delos devolve into madness (I guess in the AI world, they call that shit redundancy).
1758	Cynthia Thielen, a fiscal conservative and environmental attorney who has served in the legislature since 1990, is now the only outspoken advocate for change in the Hawaii GOP.
1759	Cyrus has one foot in a tire, staring at the multitude of tires laid out before him.
1760	Cytobank CEO David Craford comments, “We’re honored that the NIH/NIGMS has confidence in our platform, and I’m excited about the developments we will make to help our customers develop new therapies and diagnostics for improved patient care.
1761	Dad is thriving on the diet.
1762	Dad turns up the volume on the TV.
1763	Dahl decides to sends his best, Deputy Brynn McKensie.
1764	Daily posting here.
1765	Dalia Lemkos, 26, laid to rest in Tekoa after being was murdered by a Palestinian terrorist Monday.
1766	Damn girl you got it going on right here!
1767	DAMN YOU!’ and more, incoherently, until Jesse dropped to his knees, grabbed her, and hugged her tight.
1768	Danger and action abound after Akira Sengoku and his classmates crash-land on a deserted island while flying home from a class trip.
1769	Daniel Coyle has woven observations from brain research, behavioral research, and real-world training into a conceptual tapestry of genuine importance.
1770	Dao gets a call.
1771	Darbi's was the first known art to leave the detention center since October, when the Department of Defense declared their captives' creations U.S. government property and halted all releases.
1772	Darell said the government would ensure that VDP continues to receive support in terms of training, capacity building, product development and enhancement as well as market promotion for Bumiputera vendors.
1773	Darth Paper Strikes Back is the sequel to The Strange Case of Origami Yoda.
1774	Data breaches, value-based care and consolidation are factors that will require careful technology investment to manage risks.
1775	“Data can drive creativity but too many times we overestimate data.
1776	Datafloq cannot be held liable or accountable for the quality and content of the leads supplied by visitors, the information on the profile or in the posts published.
1777	Data from these sensors must be analyzed to see if actions are needed, such as triggering a fire alarm if smoke is sensed.
1778	Data leakage remains a consistent threat, with 46.2% of apps on iOS and 86.7% of apps on Android exhibiting privacy-invasive behaviors, and user privacy is an ever-growing concern.
1779	Data moves from the physical I/O peripheral device to the host hypervisor, on to the VM and then back again.
1780	Data types aren't the only thing evolving; so is the very concept of the mobile device.
1781	“Date a golfer — live the dream” are the words that greet you on Golf Dating’s homepage.
1782	Dating back about 15 years, the Legislature and state Department of Natural Resources (DNR) have fiddled with the idea of building a world-class shooting facility near the Twin Cities.
1783	David E. Kelley will once again write all seven episodes.
1784	DAY 17 Dunedin - Mt. Cook Region ourney through unspoiled wilderness and arrive at t. Cook ational ark, where permanent ice ﬁelds and glaciers blanket the ragged peaks.
1785	DAZ lives in Manchester, UK where he teaches maths and plays water polo.
1786	D compliant operations in Los Angeles.
1787	Deadline is 10pm Eastern on Friday night.
1788	Dealing with GERD doesn't mean that you have to avoid exercise.
1789	Dean says the larger goal is to take the course back into the community, using the docent model again.
1790	Dear Shauna, what a post!
1791	Debates over words used by the food movement have happened before and they will happen again.
1792	Debby: I think the more and more she found out, then the more and more she let the poison take over in her.
1793	Deb – thank you for sharing Alisa Huntsman’s recipe with us!
1794	Debug ANY AS3 SWF files on the web.
1795	Dedicated to preserving agricultural and culinary history, Missouri’s Baker Creek Heirloom Seed Co. carries over 1750 varieties of seeds from the 19th century onward.
1796	Deep learning is transforming countless industries …
1797	Dee Roche, European Marketing Director at Eptica, added: “Republic is a high growth, dynamic business and its success could have outstripped its capacity to manage customer interactions on a one-to-one basis.
1798	Defines the constants that specify whether the table summary row is positioned at the top or bottom of the SfDataGrid.
1799	Definitely don't want to have to pay.
1800	Degenerative disc disease- breakdown of discs, which act as a support between the vertebrae.
1801	Delilah Drummond is her mother’s daughter—an often-married socialite who excels at spending money and flirting with scandal.
1802	Delinquent payments and can have a major negative impact on a credit score.
1803	Dell ended up for Quest.
1804	Demand is likely to be high, so don’t delay in booking your tickets.
1805	Demaryius Thomas and Emmanuel Sanders return as the top two wideouts, looking to rebound from last year with a more dependable quarterback.
1806	"Democrats and Republicans are two fangs of the same snake."
1807	Democrats increasingly support a single-payer health care system—and Republicans are already on the attack.
1808	Democrats, who want Open Borders and care little about Crime, are incompetent, but they have the Fake News Media almost totally on their side!
1809	Demonstrations are becoming more commonplace amongst public sector employees demanding higher wages, and citizens fed up with failing public services.
1810	Denise and Gary Gardner are big supporters of Charles White.
1811	Dennis Hacker of Longtown, Missouri, starts his first term on the USBC Board with the 2018-2019 season.
1812	Depending on your needs, a variety of options are available: from simple, third-party payment processing services to a fully developed e-commerce platforms.
1813	Depends on the size, buttercup, (the green rounded squash) can take up to 20 minutes.
1814	Deploy changes to live servers.
1815	Depression sets in. We start questioning everything we thought we knew.
1816	Describes how to create, manage, and use an Amazon CloudSearch domain to implement a search solution for your website or application.
1817	Describes the Scientific and Technical Division of McArthur's GHQ.
1818	Designed by Bertrand Goldberg 1959; completed in 1964 at a cost of $36 million.
1819	Designed to be portable as well as functional, some new features debut with Kumo that will move us toward our future of input customisation.”
1820	Designing Apparel Through the Flat Patternby Kopp, Ernestine, Gross, Lee.
1821	Despite a low investment rate, for the majority of that period, the savings rate was even lower, though in recent years it has improved somewhat.
1822	Despite being one of the most prominent MCU couples, Tony and Pepper have only kissed three times onscreen.
1823	Despite having raised the most cash, Haridopolos abruptly dropped out of the race last week, saying he was upset about criticism that he was using his position as the Senate's presiding officer to help himself in the crowded field.
1824	Despite her extraordinary magical abilities and sleuthing skills, Oona Crate’s detective agency has failed to take off.
1825	Despite that Newark is in NJ, it is basically a New York area airport.
1826	Despite the fact that he did bring along his professional camera to the hospital, Marek snapped the gorgeous photo of his wife on his iPhone, immediately after she had delivered their daughter Lucy, and 23 minutes after Ian had been born.
1827	Despite the stupid music playing, I felt comfortable here and at ease.
1828	Despite working in such a hot industry, it missed almost all of its quarterly earnings reports in 2016.
1829	Detective Hoffner is monitoring the calls with one of his favorite gadgets.
1830	Determining liveness and ownership of objects across multiple components, such as Blink and V8, is difficult because all involved parties need to agree on which objects are still alive and which ones can be reclaimed.
1831	Deutsche Telekom: Contact MediaLife is for sharing.
1832	Deutsche Telekom: MetroPCSLife is for sharing.
1833	Deutsche Telekom's tandem model makes it possible.
1834	Developing your first online business website can be exciting and frustrating.
1835	Development took just over a month from the first line of code, to the app submissions in the app stores.
1836	Devendra is a Passionate Digital Marketer and SEO strategist and contributing in this field for last 5 years.
1837	Devon shifted, her leather armor creaking as she surveyed her companions.
1838	DevOps Strategist, Tech MahindraBurt Klein is one of only a handful of DevOps transformation subject matter experts at Tech Mahindra.
1839	DevSuite also links requirements, development tasks and test cases, which is another way companies will be able to deliver a bug-free product.
1840	D. How can we step up to help you?
1841	Diane Ellis, Buell’s predecessor as CEO, left the company in early November.
1842	Diane Lane on the secrets behind fake food in —and what's really in those wine glasses.
1843	Did I do something wrong while uploading, or is it common?
1844	Did I ever read HUCK FINN, I am not sure any longer.
1845	Did I forget my anniversary?
1846	Did I say you could give away tuna?
1847	Did it really matter if, that one particular time, she’d been wrong?
1848	Did Parry know, or think, that Wallace had informed?
1849	Did 'Pokemon' Actually Give Kids Seizures In the 90s?
1850	Did Putin want meddle to be discovered?
1851	Did they make this up or has it existed before?
1852	Did you avoid speculating in real estate during the housing bubble?
1853	Did you have some say in that fight?
1854	Did you know that CSS is Turing complete?
1855	"Did you punch that person?"
1856	Did you see my Epic Battle?
1857	Did you support Limewire ripping off artists for profit, is that an ethical business to you?
1858	Did you watch The Knick?
1859	Diesel fuel is taxed at a rate of 20.5 cents per gallon.
1860	Difference in eCPM can be up to 75% on daily graph.
1861	Different people's opinion of what is a "moderate" hike may differ.
1862	Difficult karmic experiences catalyze learning and growth, and can later lead to good karma if we work towards positive change.
1863	Digimarc Verify is available today to prepress and printer organizations working with packaging enhanced with Digimarc Barcode.
1864	Digital tools including social media are often heralded as the key to revitalising trade unions.
1865	Digital twins enable companies to gain additional insight around their products, assets, processes, operations, and more.
1866	Diners usually freeze, mouths open when they first see this signature dessert of Mustards Grill.
1867	Dinesh is a US citizen and has lived and worked in Australia, China, India, Singapore, Switzerland, and the United States.
1868	D. in Molecular Cell Biology from the University of Michigan, Haruki undertook a postdoctoral training at the National Institutes of Health, Bethesda.
1869	Dinner starts around 5pm, offering an expanded dinner menu that will include a variety of roasted meats, birds, and other savory options.
1870	Diogo Mónica is the security lead at Docker, an open platform for building, shipping and running distributed applications.
1871	Dip vegetables into batter, stirring batter occasionally.
1872	Dirth turned to Henry and me.
1873	Disappointing, but still a really good deal!
1874	Disaster drill: practice makes perfect for more details of the USAA exercise.
1875	Disclaimer: the English version of this application is intended for the UK market only.
1876	Disconnect was founded in 2011 on a belief that we all have a right to privacy.
1877	Discounts on products eligible for subscription will be displayed at the time of subscription sign-up.
1878	Discover 7 features that can improve your ECM system, including access on mobile devices, the ability to integrate with other systems, embedded BI analytics, and more.
1879	Discover how your leadership can influence those around you.
1880	Discover the immense pyramids, adorned with brilliant color murals, road systems, and sophisticated art.
1881	Discussions can and should shift to address the specifics of each particular graphic novel, especially in the story content, but here is a list of starter questions that should work for any graphic novel you present for analysis.
1882	Discuss the possible reasons for her statement “the imponderable pain of my mother against which I have hardened my heart” (p. 185).
1883	Disgust for another person is in itself morally repugnant.
1884	Disney recently dated the film for Aug. 9, 2019.
1885	Distally (at the wrist) the ulnar notch of the radius articulates with the ulna.
1886	Distribute to beta testers or app stores with every successful build, or on-demand.
1887	District Attorney Margaret Moore praised the investigation in an interview Wednesday morning, saying that "the participation has been truly remarkable by all the agencies involved, including the FBI, ATF, DPS, and the Postal Inspector.”
1888	Ditko and Kirby were mere freelancers as they created characters and stories that would go on to make hundreds of billions of dollars for other people.
1889	Dittmer accounts for more than two-thirds of the total offense.
1890	Diversity is in now; take advantage of it by writing something from your own wonderfully unique perspective.
1891	Dividend per Share Jumped 100% Ping An Insurance (Group) Company of China, Ltd. (hereafter "…
1892	Dixie, please stop pushing your paper plates.
1893	DIY Anteros are appearing at Live at Leeds this year.
1894	D.J. Jeffries, who was coached by Penny Hardaway and played for his AAU program last spring and summer, pledged to Kentucky in March, before Hardaway took over for Tubby Smith at Memphis.
1895	D. My topic is much more business-driven and/or technology focused.
1896	Do a few pages every day.
1897	Docker makes its money in support services.
1898	Docker Universal Control Plane (UCP) allows managing from a centralized place your images, applications, networks, and other computing resources.
1899	DocSearch started as a way for the Algolia Search team to scratch their own itch, which is providing a truly easy way to add search to documentation.
1900	Dodgeson had a habit of telling fantastical stories to the girls while they were out on their adventures.
1901	Does Amma Die On 'Sharp Objects'?
1902	Does Cox Have a 'Flare' for Cloud TV?
1903	Does he have any idea what’s going on?
1904	Does he sit around moping like Day?
1905	Does it pay to put more than 20% down?
1906	Does that mean you’re going to keep churning out novel after novel each year?
1907	Does the App Launcher allow selecting files (which are then opened using the default application for the file type).
1908	Does the Mississippi Department of Revenue offer a discount for filing on time?
1909	Does this mean that every individual is responsible for what happens with his own data, for how he uses wearables, for how and to whom his data are released and for where his data might wind up at some point?
1910	Does your feeding program measure up?
1911	Doing agile development poses a challenge to the inclusion of UI in the development process.
1912	Doing ordinary things like picking your kid up from gymnastics or going to the grocery store will earn you tidbits of extra attention.
1913	Doing so enables young people to take active ownership over their lives at a much earlier stage.
1914	Do I think it’s a vast racist conspiracy?
1915	Do I use an Eb-7(b5), or a G-6?
1916	Dolce & Gabbana are both practicing Catholics, and in the fall of 2013 designed a whole collection based on the Cathedral of Monreale in Sicily.
1917	Dolphins living in captive conditions face circumstances vastly different than those of the ocean.
1918	Do more of you experience these kind of sales?
1919	Donald Glover performed as his alter ego, rapper Childish Gambino according to a source.
1920	Donald Trump is a deplorable human being.
1921	Donald Trump rode this disenchantment to power.
1922	Do not force consensus.
1923	Do not save, forget passwords after restart: select this option if you want your passwords to be reset after you close IntelliJ IDEA.
1924	Do not scour the surface of your Mizu containers with steel wool or other abrasive products; it will scratch the stainless steel.
1925	Do not store in the freezer or directly adjacent to the refrigerator cooling element.
1926	Do not use alcohol at all if you have liver disease, urinary problems, prostate trouble, ulcers or other problems of the upper digestive tract (esophagus, stomach, duodenum), or any nervous or mental disease.
1927	Donovan gave police an address on First Street as her home.
1928	Don’t be afraid tomake mistakes!
1929	Don’t bury important consent information in the Terms & Conditions.
1930	Don’t get lost in the sea.
1931	Don’t got no car.
1932	Don't kid yourself into thinking that social networks are for authors who target youth.
1933	Don’t know if your favorite sites or apps have 2FA?
1934	Don’t let a bad experience determine your day.
1935	Don’t let them in. Call 911. You won’t be bothering the police.
1936	Don't miss this one.”
1937	Don't plan on traveling too far with the Mo-Fis either.
1938	Don’t rush or compromise, just keep doing what you’ve always done.
1939	Don't they just make you sick?"
1940	Don’t we all wish that those we love could be whole?
1941	Don’t worry, nothing is missing or gone.
1942	Don’t worry, you don’t need to remember how to spell it.
1943	Don’t you know the heart is deceitful above all things, and desperately wicked?
1944	Do people find houses?
1945	Dose escalation is being used in the clinical trial to establish the maximum tolerated dose for each drug combination in elderly patient with relapsed AML, an area of unmet need, according to Daver.
1946	Dose: Start with 0.75mg weekly and increase to 1.5mg in 6 to 8 weeks.
1947	Do these scenarios really sound so horrible?
1948	Do they think it should have won the Newbery itself rather than the Honor Award?
1949	Do we play sports?
1950	Do what you do and make your own way.
1951	Download and execute Monte Carlo Option Pricer examples on your local machine.
1952	Download the and start earning points to redeem for free cheddar cheese curds, burgers, or of course, wings.
1953	Down the River unto the Sea, he will have done that one thing.
1954	Do you already have Upgrade Readiness or Device Health deployed in OMS?
1955	Do You Ever Question Your (or Someone Else's) Salvation?
1956	Do you feel sympathy for Valentina?
1957	Do you have an estimate when the next open source release of Ext JS will be whether it’ll be the GPLv3 or a more permissive license?
1958	Do you have EVOO and VCO in your cupboard?
1959	Do you know where my wife is?"
1960	Do you remember what it’s like to be mutually “in like” for the first time?
1961	Do your homework, look it up.
1962	Do you see any files or folders in there that you personally did not create?
1963	Do you think the possible perceptions that the viewers might have are similar?
1964	Do you want Interview and Resume Tips?
1965	Drain and place into a blender.
1966	Drain the excess marinade from the chicken and discard the marinade.
1967	Draw a line around the box and then poke a hole to make a starting point to cut from.
1968	Drawn by its severe harmony, ravished with its beauty, he lived in it, and had his being there.
1969	Draw the inner groins deep into the pelvis.
1970	Dr. Bill used to fix me up once or twice a month.
1971	Dribble the cooled blackcurrant syrup down the sides and into the base of 6 to 8 shot glasses.
1972	Dried plums mixed in at the end of this hearty chicken and onion braise add a dark, fruity intensity to the rich white-wine gravy, providing a luscious accompaniment to moist thigh meat.
1973	Drive value with IT transformation and see how technology plus expertise can help accelerate the IT transformation process.
1974	Drone delivery 'parcelcopters' to begin work this Friday for DHLDHL says that it will be the first company in Europe to offer drone delivery, starting this Friday.
1975	Drop me a line with a quick intro about who you are, what you do, how long you have been restaurant obsessed, and your favorite thing to eat in San Francisco for less than $10 (don't hurt yourself on that one—I'm just curious).
1976	Dr. Rasmussen is a conservative Christian scholar who has taught in Israel for years, and his writing is trustworthy.
1977	Dr. Seymour's team adjusted for a slew of markers of severity of illness.
1978	“Drug addicts enter relapse vulnerability states for multiple reasons.
1979	Dry clean if necessary.
1980	D’Shawn relies too much on his athleticism and he’s starting to recognize that as he matures as a player.
1981	DSI is the Digital Supply Chain Platform™ company that creates mobile-first and cloud supply chain solutions for the digital economy.
1982	D.) that would have allowed USDA funding for foreign market development programs to be spent in Cuba — or until senators backed his proposal to ban U.S. taxpayer dollars from going toward businesses owned by the Cuban military.
1983	D. thesis on the subject.
1984	DUBNER: I’m detecting a pattern here with you and ground floor investment opportunities.
1985	Ducks are so funny.
1986	Due to health reasons, she's not online often anymore.
1987	Due to its heavy production levels and low consumption levels, much of the corn produced in the country is exported, rendering France the third largest corn exporter in the world.
1988	Due to legal constraints, time to market was critical and everything needed to be in place and live within five months.
1989	Due to the crowds at locations on the East Coast, BAB suspended the deal before the West Coast was even settling into their miles-long lines.
1990	Duplicate keys are fine, there is no need for "padding" for keys or values, and keys and values are arbitrary blobs.
1991	During his time on Capitol Hill, Chris specialized in defense policy, international security issues, homeland security, and foreign policy.
1992	During my absence, I often looked at it longingly, wishing I could find more time in my day to share thoughts and recipes with you.
1993	During one delay, Chief Justice Stoughton appealed to the defendant.
1994	During that time, we were assigned “Kon-tiki”.
1995	During the Bush administration, the number of poor Latino children increased by more than 500,000, and poor Black children increased 150,000.
1996	During the Civil War, for example, James T. Fields, editor of Atlantic Monthly and a partner in Ticknor & Fields, was forced to suggest that one of his authors make a radical change in an article.
1997	During the combustion process in an engine, at about 572 degrees F, nitrous breaks down and releases oxygen.
1998	During the first three months of 2018, U.S. net outbound foreign direct investment, or FDI, totaled minus $145.3 billion, compared with $64.8 billion in last year’s January-March period, according to the OECD's survey, which was published Friday.
1999	During the Google IO in May 2017, Google announced that there were 2 billion monthly active Android devices.
2000	During the Kashmir-set finale, we learn that she's now married to a doctor played with just the right amount of smugness (and sweetness) by Wes Bentley.
2001	During the past five years, electric cars have made an incredible journey, from seeming a bit futuristic and impractical to being something that you want to own.
2002	During the past two Saturdays, the SoFA Design Institute held capsule workshops at the Fully Booked Fort branch, giving interested customers a taste of the school’s creative classes.
2003	During these times my BS is nearly always below 4 and as low as 2.5 but sometimes I get the symptoms with readings of 5.2 although if I ignore them they keep dropping.
2004	During the six months ended December 31, 2011, New News Corporation recorded restructuring charges of $97 million, of which $96 million related to the newspaper businesses.
2005	During this time in the late 40’s, I collected most of the southwest big game animals.
2006	During this time, your recruiter will speak with you about salary expectations and will be an advocate for you in the offer process.
2007	During those years, I wrote about 15 short stories, eight of which have been published.
2008	Dwanta Claus, back at it again.
2009	Each activity also includes hints for how to modify it to meet the specific needs of your child.
2010	Each application has its own stack, patterns, and idiosyncrasies that shape the best way to patch a bug or implement a feature.
2011	Each commercial message must contain an unsubscribe link and and senders must honor all unsubscribes within 10 business days.
2012	“Each component is an extension of my fitness method, the brand, and what I stand for,” she says.
2013	Each Dragonfire novel focuses on the story of one firestorm – that is one hero meeting the woman who can turn him inside out and upside down.
2014	Each engine has different features and supports different platforms.
2015	Each mod design is custom-tailored to the client, but the architects always try to incorporate eco-techniques to make their houses as efficient as they are beautiful.
2016	Each ‘no’ means you are closer to a ‘yes’ so keep going!
2017	Each of the characters was fully developed, none without their own flaws.
2018	Each of the five bat experts I spoke with told me that the only way to get rid of bats is to evict them from your home, a process usually called exclusion and often within the skills of a layperson as well as a professional.
2019	Each one is handmade and will bring a bit of sunshine and cheer to your daily life.
2020	Each Reserved Instance has an instance size footprint, which is determined by the normalization factor of the instance type and the number of instances in the reservation.
2021	Each season you’ll also probably need to refresh your plants and plant new sod.
2022	Each section contains tips that can help you improve both connection and audio quality.
2023	Each section is told from a different character's point of view so this is her section.
2024	Each time my eyes meet those of a stranger's, I want to remember To that end, I am going to do thirty-one things, ninja-sneaky, to keep faith with peace.
2025	Each time the person is in the body of a different passenger thinking their thoughts and facing their troubles.
2026	Each time you click the heading, the direction arrow toggles between showing clips in duration order and in reverse duration order.
2027	Each VOPs in DOP were treated as behavior modules so that we could organize and turn on/off particular behaviors on demand.
2028	Earlier in 2015, Photizo once again listed M2 in its Leaders Index as one of the world’s leading independent providers in managed print services.
2029	Earlier in the month, about all the new music coming from her that fans can expect.
2030	Early in Isaiah, chapter 49, Zion cries out in anguish, “The Lord has forsaken us!
2031	Early Thursday evening as the sun went down in Houston the sky lit up in an orange hue that proved irresistible to locals, who clogged up social media with photos of nature's presentation.
2032	Earplugs, earmuffs or even covering your ears with your hands when a train is entering or leaving the station can shield you from most of the hazards associated with subway riding.
2033	Earth-moving equipment couldn’t be brought-in, because there was no road.
2034	Easily customize men's shoes and women's shoes online for the perfect style and fit for lifestyle or sports shoes.
2035	East's sudden revealation of his own seriosness muses both Tom and the reader.
2036	Ebola is one of 15 outbreak pathogens that have emerged in the last 15 years, Hill All, like Ebola before last year, have potential vaccines available that have worked in animals — some better than others.
2037	Economically, the Juchen were no match for the Chinese.
2038	Economic ones focus on the ballooning costs of mass incarceration and the toll this takes on government budgets, especially as the age and medical expenses of prisoners rapidly increase.
2039	Economists summarily dismissed anyone insisting otherwise.
2040	Edge-driven tweeters also have better dispersion characteristics and allow a lower crossover frequency, which improves imaging.
2041	Edinburg Raceway in the Texas Rio Grande Valley has been shaking down a Hellcat all week to get people to come out to tonight's "Hellcat Track Attack".
2042	Editor’s Note: This article is part two of Thrillist Louisville’s year-end look at the best of our city’s local food and drink scene in 2016.
2043	Edmunds says that number is 3,000 "too many."
2044	Educated at Eton and at St. John’s College, Cambridge, he entered the as a baron following his father’s death in 1818.
2045	Education: Business Administration.
2046	Edward continues: “Waitrose continues to shrug off the market turmoil as it sees its share increase yet again – an unbroken trend since mid-2009.”
2047	Edwina needs a break, too, I'm guessing.
2048	Ed would like to get his hand on one of those devices, but Susan says no.
2049	"Egg combining from both our emmas.
2050	Eggleston and his team spent a considerable amount of time at Sunnylands, Walter and Leonore Annenberg’s iconic 200-acre midcentury estate in Rancho Mirage, California, designed by A. Quincy Jones in the mid-1960s.
2051	Eggs are a very popular breakfast item in Mexico and are served all kinds of ways--rancheros, Mexicanos, Veracruzana, with ham, bacon, potatoes, you name it.
2052	Eggs are good for one month after the date of collection when stored in the fridge.
2053	Eight players from the 2017 roster graduated and moved on to four-year colleges, including Shawn Roundtree, who was one of the Central Michigan University's top players in 2017-18.
2054	Either ride a bike or take a battery car can provide you exciting visiting experience.
2055	Either way, we'll try to keep it short, because you probably have a lot of pre-Thanksgiving drinking to get back to, fueled in part by the looming holiday.
2056	Elasticity of data center scale is a common goal for enterprises.
2057	Eleanore K: They do ship internationally, I discovered.
2058	Electric and other alt-fuel vehicles will suddenly make a lot more sense.
2059	Elementary Values Education - Elementary - Academic - Books National Book StoreJavaScript seems to be disabled in your browser.
2060	Eleven classic kids books from the '60s" were showcased by Buzzfeed, which highlighted "all the books that lined the back of your fifth grade classroom."
2061	"Eleven years and three wars later, there is still no accountability in sight."
2062	Elia is an excellent presenter and takes his time to explain things so that learners of all levels will be able to follow.
2063	Elide came out of nowhere.
2064	Elizabeth Sanxay Holding is quite a memorable name, and she was quite a memorable writer, yet she is one of many talented practitoners of the past who nowadays suffer a considerable degree of neglect.
2065	Ellie Washington lost her husband in a tragedy five years ago at Christmas.
2066	Elliott said that 57th Street Books began with a small, two-and-a-half-shelf romance section featuring racially- and LGBTQ-inclusive romance books.
2067	Ellis said the attack was notable because the adversaries broke in, targeted malware, went after the sys admins, moved laterally and then went after their target: the company's financial reporting systems.
2068	Emancipet, the national nonprofit based in Austin, took part in an initiative to spay and neuter more than 20,000 pets in Puerto Rico, where an estimated 300,000 pets are homeless following Hurricane Maria in September.
2069	Embossed Sheltering Tree Card Tips and Video Tutorial - ink and inspirations Become A Stampin' Up!
2070	Emily Brontë is associated with the moors and nature, but in actual fact Wuthering Heights was a novel written in the heart of the industrial north.
2071	Emojis rule our digital lives, but what can we do when we want to send an emoji IRL?
2072	Emotional attachments aside, how do you think it compares with egg-yolk ones?
2073	Emphasize multiple, overlapping, and mutually supportive defensive systems to guard against single point failures in any specific technology or protection method.
2074	Empire relies heavily on the work from several other projects for its underlying functionality and feature-rich modules, and, fortunately, it also supports Python payloads which can be used against macOS and other Unix-like operating systems.
2075	Employees use G Suite to provide a consistent experience across every location by instantly sharing inventory lists, promotion schedules, store layouts and PR updates.
2076	Enabling Dolby Headphone makes a substantial difference to the sound.
2077	Enabling to layout radio buttons horizontally, rather than vertically.
2078	Enclosed with the letter, include the check number (or a copy of the canceled check or other payment verification) that you used to pay off your account balance.
2079	Encourage the Librium user to enter treatment.
2080	Encouraging your staff to participate in more training and courses means that you are constantly striving to improve your business by improving your team.
2081	Energy is emitted from the atom when the electron jumps from one orbit to another closer to the nucleus.
2082	English-speaking, European, and first-world Western nations often broadly share in the same conflicting messages of beauty found in America.
2083	Enjoy and see you in the skies!
2084	Enjoy crash-less Prestige in all devices!
2085	Enjoy dining in our restaurant or for a more energized evening, dine in our bar - La Cantina.
2086	Enjoy the new marketing.
2087	Enjoy your subscription to The Bookseller - It is a small investment, but will provide huge long term rewards for you and your business!
2088	Enormous, fluffy dogs frolic around this museum dedicated to a legendary St. Bernard.
2089	Enough of World War Two.
2090	Enterprise IT teams can be wary of working with third parties, especially if it wasn't their idea to hire a service provider.
2091	Entertainment that features or is developed in collaboration with a talent to amplify a brand's message.
2092	Entertain your audience with never seen before intros/outros, transitions and title animations.
2093	Enter the name and email address of the desired author.
2094	Enthuware has collected a bank of questions taken from actual exams and they give you a tool to practice with.
2095	Ephesus was the most important city of the Roman province of Asia.
2096	Erectile dysfunction may also be a problem in men who have had their rectums removed.
2097	Eric Sanderson returns to consciousness—but has lost his memory.
2098	Eric Shneiderman is celebrated on the left.
2099	Escenic software helps publishers all over the world tell stories in a digital age.
2100	Escherichia coli (E. coli) is a germ that occurs naturally in the gut of mammals and birds, as well as in the human intestinal flora.
2101	Especially the part about people being rude because you liked something.
2102	Espresso, steamed non-fat milk and sugar-free cinnamon dolce flavored syrup get a cinnamon dolce topping for a drink that says you can have it all.
2103	Essentially, every single commercially grown plant is a clone of one of only a few specially selected strains of genetic material.
2104	Estell was a star wide receiver along with being an all-state safety at Hooks.
2105	Esther - thank god.
2106	Eterniskin LS 9881 is an extract from the Maitake mushroom, well-known in Asia for its health benefits, according to the company, which says the extract provides an ‘adaptogen approach’ to help skin overcome stress.
2107	Eucalyptus, before becoming a company, was an open-source project founded by faculty and students of the University of California at Santa Barbara to duplicate the function of Amazon's APIs.
2108	Evans said that the taste is pleasant if the animal has been well fed, a bit like venison.
2109	Evatane® 20-20 by Arkema is a high quality ethylene vinyl acetate copolymer.
2110	Even before we got around to playing the mighty West Indians, we started our World Cup preparations in England in not the most ideal manner, losing all three of our practice games.
2111	Even better, sign up to when we’re in your town.
2112	Even had a tempered glass on it.
2113	Even if it is simply a corner, it will honor your essence and remind you to show up, wherever you go.
2114	Even if multiple VMs share a cloud, each machine’s data can be protected so others can’t access it.
2115	Even if we focus only on those who find the issues “very challenging,” there are a significant number of finance and reporting teams who see data governance as a significant barrier.
2116	Even if your friend had a bad relationship with his dad, this is not the time to bring it up.
2117	Even in Belfast, where he filmed "Fifty Dead Men Walking," Kingsley felt the need to sequester himself in a hotel and avoid the city streets.
2118	Even in the 21st century there are theologians who argue about how to follow Jesus.
2119	"Even just 30 minutes over a two-day span could cause a shift, prompting your body to want to sleep later and get up later."
2120	Even liberals conceded her impact.
2121	Even now the complexity of managing these silos individually tests the limits of traditional strategies.
2122	Even simpler, I buy the mix from Lehi Roller Mills.
2123	Even the cheaper 12C/24T 1920X turns in a faster time than a stock i9-7900X.
2124	Even though he wants the mother back so badly, he’s continuing to do things that put the relationship in terrible places—or would, if the mother found out.
2125	Even though it sounds intimidating it’s actually quite simple and straight forward and we are all very familiar with it in the form of clocks!
2126	Even though marriage doesn’t seem to be in the cards for the couple, they recently up about the strength of their relationship.
2127	Even though Peter was an extreme newcomer, he had just sold a pilot on another network so they let him run the show!
2128	Even though the cost ratio in UBS's investment bank looks stubbornly and dangerously high at 88%.
2129	Even though the land was a Superfund site, officials said the former Hunters Point Naval Shipyard near San Francisco was safe.
2130	Even though this may seem the best solution since objects are seemingly uncoupled, it introduces a subtle form of coupling.
2131	Even though traditional face-to-face selling was what Millie knew, it was also what the prospects of Showcase Workshop—large corporate companies—expected, so that remains a key sales strategy.
2132	Even though we had been committed Christians for almost twenty years, our ways of relating mirrored much more our family of origin than the way God intended for his new family in Christ.
2133	EventLogin); // Log an event with a float parameter Firebase.
2134	Even today, many products sold across Africa carry the cross-star symbol that he designed.
2135	Event participants violating these rules may be sanctioned or expelled at the discretion of DBF organizers.
2136	Eventually, as everyone upgrades to newer hardware and moves towards 5GHz, picking the right channel will mostly become a thing of the past.
2137	Even when the text is heavily rewritten, the basic forms of Biblical Hebrew, such as wayyiqtol verbs in narrative, are used in appropriate places.
2138	Even when things didn't go as planned, everyone had a good time; and we created memories we'd be able to look back on for the rest of our lives.
2139	Even when VPI does cover an ailment, it may not cover the costs completely.
2140	Even without the potentially problematic “inspiration” for the exterior design, it’s not a great look.
2141	Even with paper wallets, you can check your balance at any time using blockchain.info (just type your public key into the search box).
2142	Even with table in a separate can delay the write to the data file, so the file modification time is different from the time of the last insert, update, or delete.
2143	Even worse is the fact that the lying seems to be a pretty common practice.
2144	Everglades and alligator-wrestling will turn some readers off from the start.
2145	Ever imagined sucking on the face of Pope Francis?
2146	“Every board of directors should be asking its CISO about the company’s backup strategy,” Hahad told Threatpost, adding that there are also 2.3 million observable devices left out there with SMBv1 exposed to the internet.
2147	“Everybody likes to go out in the middle of a storm,’’ Brown said.
2148	Everybody who comes to visit comments on it and has to have a turn at the wheel.
2149	Every command here will be run regardless of previous failures.
2150	Every cosmetic chemist should have a standard “blank” formula which they can incorporate a new raw material in and try it to determine the effects.
2151	Every day with every connection, PetSmart’s passionate associates help bring pet parents closer to their pets so they can live more fulfilled lives.
2152	Every genre was represented.
2153	Every month, our users save hundreds of thousands of man-hours and millions of dollars on their Amazon bills!
2154	Everyone, and I mean everyone, who uses Linux will be impacted by the license.
2155	Everyone can survive this.”
2156	Everyone deserves great and appropriate dental care.
2157	Everyone else should buy a conventional laptop with an Intel or AMD processor.
2158	Everyone has something unique to share - a perspective and experiences.
2159	Everyone involved wants the production to be a success.
2160	Everyone wants a mega-watt smile, but teeth whitening isn't for everyone.
2161	Everyone was guilty of the same sin.”
2162	Every teacher should have access to copies of crisis plans at any time.
2163	Everything else has to be off kilter for me to be feeling it.
2164	Everything from the fire hydrant to the Posada mailbox.
2165	Everything from the way the site navigation works to how the colours and graphics look, all these play a vital role in defining your websites’ standard in the eye of the visitor.
2166	"Everything is finally clicking.
2167	Everything on this dish brings me back to the cookouts we would have on base when in the Marines.
2168	Everything seems beyond her control, and with the exception of her brother’s best friend Cal, who has stood by her through everything, there is not much of a hopeful future in Aoife’s life.
2169	Everything that is ridiculed is not necessarily truth.
2170	Everything turned out lovely, and I’m already strategizing for how I can use this as part of an outdoor dinner party, since if I pre-grill the first side ahead of time I can have everyone assemble their own.
2171	Every time we read the first one with a group of kids, they love it.
2172	Every trim above the base starts at around or above $100,000 (some are more than $200,000), and most trims have several thousand dollars’ worth of options that you can add.
2173	Every weekly team meeting someone is tasked with baking a cake.
2174	Evidon reserves the right, at Your expense, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter for which You are required to indemnify us and You agree to cooperate with our defense of these claims.
2175	Evil was never so delicious.
2176	Evrything's better with butter.
2177	Exactly what it sounds like—the door has a single flat panel surrounded by molding.
2178	Exam Edge is a leading provider of online test preparation for your AIMS High School certifications.
2179	Examination copies are available to college professors or instructors seeking titles to review for adoption consideration.
2180	Examples of two different styles of furniture.
2181	Examples or copies of your child’s latest classroom work, especially in math, science and English.
2182	Examples:Who fixed most bugs the last month?
2183	Excellent app, I recommend to all my firends.
2184	Excellent technical expertise in relevant state of the art data technologies, data security, data systems, and its design.
2185	Except for the long descriptions of the guns and equipment obtained by Milo, that I found myself skimming.
2186	“Except instead of an arrow, I put a pen.”
2187	Exceptions are great when they happen, but hard to plan.
2188	Excessive heat is dangerous for everyone, but more so for people with like atrial fibrillation.
2189	Exec on judge: 'Sometimes you have a bad day'
2190	Exercises includes: triceps pull down, lat pull down, seated row and upright row, standing arm curls, standing leg extensions and abs crunches.
2191	Exhibit A in that is that people are assigned by their editors to play and write about a game before it comes out in order to review it and are just about never assigned to do so afterwards.
2192	Exhumation or repair may come at significant political cost – or benefit – to any party taking action.
2193	Expanded third-party integration including Amazon Alexa, Google Assistant, and IFTTT.
2194	Expectations aren't about what you've done in the past or what you just did today but about what you can do in the future.
2195	Expect more movement on this in 2017.
2196	Experienced director Jaime Maestro and sociologist Nadia Ruiz founded La Tribu with the hope of fulfilling their goal of becoming one of the leading studios for the production of feature-length 3D animation films.
2197	Experience says that anyone who can answer this question has learned something new recently.
2198	Expert Advice: How to Become a Minimalist, by the Author of “Goodbye, Things”
2199	Explaining the buzzwords of the moment: What is Twitter’s problem and why is everyone worried about it?
2200	Explaining the various features of the opinion pages as well as staff contact information.
2201	Explore Siena's beautiful Gothic Cathedral at your own pace or join your guide to get to know local life in a contrada (neighbourhood).
2202	Ezetimibe: Likely to Be Beneficial For AllIs ezetimibe therapy equally beneficial to patients with or without diabetes mellitus?
2203	Fabric quality could be a little better, but it works.
2204	Facebook ads reports in September 2015.
2205	Facebook joining along with the likes of in manufacturing its own chips isn’t too surprising.
2206	Facebook said the new threading feature is available only on the desktop for the time being.
2207	Facebook's Class B shares are controlled by Zuckerberg and a small group of insiders and have 10 votes per share.
2208	Facebook sees virtual reality as an integral part of its future, and so, it made sense when the company announced its acquisition of VR firm Oculus.
2209	Faced with the complex security investigations of the 21st century, many investigators often feel helpless.
2210	Facial Exfoliating Pads are textured exfoliating facial pads that help to lift away dead skin surface cells.
2211	Facial pores are characterized by the enlarged openings of pilosebaceous follicles that promote visible topographical features at the skin surface.
2212	Facility has good therapists and case managers who engage both clients and their families well.
2213	Failed to load resource: the server responded with a status of 404 () https://storehousetech.
2214	Failing to account for selection effects may lead one to conclude that deviant peers are driving personal delinquency (i.e. socialization), when in reality personal delinquency precedes deviant peer associations (see ).
2215	Fail often, fail fast.
2216	Fair hours on weekdays are from 5 p.m. to midnight and on weekends from noon to midnight.
2217	Family and friends will be entertained with musical performances while the little ones will join the festive fun with an array of activities including face painting, balloon twisting, cinema watching and more.
2218	Family separation at the border: It isn’t just immoral.
2219	Famous examples include the disruption of department stores by discount retailers and the disruption of traditional doctor’s offices by retail medical clinics.
2220	Fans of the hit show immediately took to Twitter to share their surprise at seeing him amongst other members of the audience and questioning his presence.
2221	Fascinating stuff and such a lovely personality.
2222	Fashion expert and brand influencer, Bandana Sondhi said, "When it comes to footwear, wear vibrant Flip Flops and sandals.
2223	Fashion faux pas are nothing new.
2224	Fatwas have been passed, and much ink spilled supporting the claim.
2225	F.B.M Equestrian, local sponsors of the 2012 Olympic Games in London…
2226	FEAR VISION - scarecrow is wearing blonde braids and a girl scout uniform.
2227	Featuring a completely redesigned interior, set in two-columns for easy reading, the Standard Edition of "The New Jerusalem Bible" is sure to become a favorite for its critically praised translation, wonderfully concise format, and unbeatable price.
2228	Febreze Unstopables CAR Vent Clips work in virtually every vehicle—mom mobiles, commuter carpools, dog cars—with unstoppable, extra-lively scents that beg for the windows to stay up.
2229	Federal Grants are supposed to promote the airport in both use and economy.
2230	Feel free to be as brief as you'd like to.
2231	Fenner is the US subsidiary of Fenner PLC, a London Stock Exchange traded company, and specializes in industrial engineering and manufacturing of medical and other polymer-based devices.
2232	Fernando Pérez opens JupyterCon with an overview of Project Jupyter, describing how it fits into a vision of collaborative, community-based open development of tools applicable to research, education, and industry.
2233	Few banks will be content to hand over control of their customer relationships and rely entirely on a new portfolio of third-party apps.
2234	Few places offer as many opportunities for exercise as El Dorado Royale and we chose ours — walking back and forth to the restaurants.
2235	Fierce and stubborn, she can be an invaluable ally in the heat of battle, or a devastating enemy.
2236	Fight clubs cropped up all around New York.
2237	Figure 1 compares a traditional virtual machine to Docker.
2238	Finally, a sure-fire sign that Netflix has become more than just a brand, like Google, it that it has even become a verb in its own right.
2239	Finally, Mr. Gammon says he simply pretend that there are embarrassments involved—there as in every job.
2240	Finally, on June 14, 1913, several newspapers including the all ran stories stating the the postmaster had officially decreed that children could no longer be sent through the mail.
2241	Finally, on the page facing the “How to Order” page is another one (to remind the reader that buying these cards, in fact, is a good idea).
2242	Finally, the Bringer of Doom was inspired by the Dreadnought, powerful ships from the early 20th Century, which outgunned the opposition.
2243	Finally, the long-term carcinogenic and genetic hazards associated with massive doses of radiation were also concealed.
2244	Finally, there’s a second version of the Duo that incorporates a 2000mAH power bank, the Flip Power World.
2245	Finally, the sysdig driver is now CPU hotplug friendly, which can be useful in production environments and workloads.
2246	Finally, use subaccounts with segmented keys to view items by price, color, size, store location, or any other dimension you select.
2247	Finally, we point out the underlying reasons behind USB exploits and propose potential defense mechanisms that would limit or even prevent such USB borne attacks.
2248	Finally we stopped at a liquor store and bought two discounted tickets on Standard Airlines to Honolulu.
2249	Final result of customizing with a fixed banner height and background color for the featured post.
2250	Financial terms and conditions are not being disclosed at this time.
2251	Finding them butterfly weed when I came.
2252	Find myself craving one about once a week.
2253	Find out how your organization compares and what actions to take next.
2254	Find out what to munch on in the morning with this complete breakfast guide for the expecting set.
2255	Find promoters/affiliates: You most likely can’t launch on your own.
2256	Find your dream home in League City using the tools above.
2257	Fine dining is continuing its recovery from the economic downturn.
2258	"Fine fodder for fans of the genre but look elsewhere for something fresh.
2259	Firmware updates ensure that you always have the best riding experience possible.
2260	Firoozeh’s family’s excursions around all variety of food, from their adaptations to the American fast food to the preparations of and turkey, the hot dogs and wild geese, is thoroughly entertaining and some of the funniest parts of her memories.
2261	First all the changes to categories over the years irritated me, but RWA and the board worked to fix those issues.
2262	First change the thoughts, then watch the actions follow suit.
2263	First Chapter Tuesday/Teaser Tuesday - February 6t.
2264	First check and balance pH and alkalinity, pH should be 7.2 and 7.4 for best results, alkalinity should be no higher than 100 and no lower than 80 ppm.
2265	First, check out the video Christian put up to demo the functionality using the accelerometer on a MacBook Pro, as well as the compass on an iPad.
2266	First-degree are the least severe; with third-degree burns, the skin is lost.
2267	First, his story is told in a disassociated manner.
2268	First, I’m amazed at the number of wrecks in one body shop, even if this place is large and I live in car central, southern CA.
2269	First, Move has a unique partnership with the National Association of Realtors which dates back almost 20 years that provides the company with deep relationships and marketing resources.
2270	First of all, they don't believe any quid from Democrats ever justifies a quo.
2271	First off, I want to offer my apologies for not posting here more often.
2272	First, press the to get the Crop tool, and up in the Options Bar on the left, you’ll see Width and Height fields.
2273	First produced in 1962, these classic candies are made with real lemon juice.
2274	First published in 1914, Gertrude Stein's revolutionary poetic work Tender Buttons is a must-read for every serious lover of literature.
2275	First things first: I do not subscribe to the idea that a Bill Gates return would be a good outcome for Microsoft.
2276	First things first, you need awesome content; that’s a given.
2277	First TV interview this coming Wednesday.
2278	First we decided we needed to build a website.
2279	First, we need to provide a maximum intersection distance so that our shadow rays don't overshoot the light source.
2280	First, we start by defining the basic differences among the three genres so that we can understand why readers may enjoy one more than the others.
2281	Fit almost like a cropped trouser, these jeans work with sneakers for a daytime bop through the farmer's market, but add a sleek ankle strap and voila: you're ready for happy hour margaritas with the girls.
2282	Fit in my 40s: ‘I’ve been to tons of lidos, but I’d never swum in one’
2283	Fixed "download" editor template CSS issue.
2284	Fix handling of Safari in "new window" state.
2285	Fix the timing of the animation by using a “wait” block after the “set effect” block, if needed.
2286	FJRC has been able to issue more than 70% of the annual loans for the province's agriculture households, as well as 40% for the in-province small businesses.
2287	FlatRate Moving is committed to protecting your personal information.
2288	Flipboard readers are always looking for engaging and informative content, so magazines that feature a cohesive, compelling and varied assortment of posts, videos, tweets, images and sound are in high demand.
2289	Flipping between channels gets faster after they’ve first loaded, but the delay from the live broadcast remains.
2290	Florida Trend does a good job of packaging a wealth of information and making it readable and interesting.
2291	Focus handling inside the dialog also got better.
2292	Fold a small piece of duct tape with the adhesive side facing out, and adhere it to the bottom of a battery-operated tea light.
2293	Folks are anxious and unsure of where things are headed, making them susceptible to fear-mongering, offered-up scapegoats, and promises of ready cures.
2294	Folks, hide your mutts, you wouldn't want them to be burned out of their dog house.
2295	Folks like Daniel Dennett argue that free will is just a of control.
2296	Folks need seamless healthcare, whether for emergency care or just uninterrupted prescription access when they are displaced by a disaster.”
2297	Following the United States’ previous planned military exercises with South Korea, reports circulated that Kim Jong Un was prepared to end the talks before they ever began.
2298	Follow live: 2016 Democratic presidential debate at 7:30 p.m.
2299	Follow the instructions in the installer dialog.
2300	Food and Drug Administration officials check vaccines for rabies at the Disease Control and Prevention Centre in Huaibei in China’s eastern Anhui province.
2301	Food, beverages and consumer goods were largely sold in unbranded sack clothes, glass bottles and tin containers until the late 19th Century.
2302	For 364 days out.
2303	For a beginner, the small amount of solder is used up quickly.
2304	For a Bluetooth-connected pen to be successful, it must really add value in the areas that these users need--productivity, efficiency, and collaboration.
2305	For accounting firms with 11 partners or more, consideration for SaaS rises to 33 percent, yet none of the survey respondents have a cloud-based solution in place, researchers noted.
2306	For advanced musicians, one such tidbit may be “mental imaging,” or learning a piece of music with the mind, rather than the fingers.
2307	For advice on creating a strong password, see: https://securingtomorrow.
2308	For all of the new music you brought and for treating us like intelligent listeners.
2309	For all that how much did you pay out of pocket and how much will be monthly?
2310	For all those concerned.
2311	"For almost a year prior to the lawsuit, Romero Britto had been trying unsuccessfully to obtain a reduction in the rent, never complaining about too much crime or street performers interfering with his art gallery," Weil said in a statement to the Herald.
2312	For a look back at the couple's romance, see the timeline below.
2313	For a New Zealander these would amount to exactly the same biscuit, yet I am sure this is not the case.
2314	For an example, on a test install with 100 comments per page, we found that the onload event fired 2x faster with this plugin.
2315	For an HD experience you can't get with Mint Hill cable.
2316	For any members who do not meet the criteria, by having a higher message or like count or having been registered for more days than the set limit, the spam cleaner will not be available.
2317	For a thorough cleaning, use multiple wipes or a clean cloth and sufficient disinfectant and water solution.
2318	For Boeing engineers have done something about it!
2319	For Clarissa, being called to do jury duty is a relief.
2320	For Cloud Platform customers on the west coast of North America and Canada, we’re pleased to announce our Oregon Cloud Region (us-west1) is now open for business.
2321	For coming years, China has targeted to continue developing intelligent manufacturing that improves production efficiency, reduces costs and energy consumption which will digitize the country’s manufacturing sector and fosters new growth impetus.
2322	For details on the event object, visit the Event object documentation on api.
2323	For effective DevOps, PhpStorm 8 provides remote PHP interpreter capability, ensuring fluid IDE interaction with both classic and modern virtualized environments (such as Vagrant or Docker).
2324	Foreign exchange reserves cover barely two months of imports in a country that depends on foreign energy supplies.
2325	For everybody out there who looks at our blog—both of you, or more we hope—read to children.
2326	For example, a person may accidentally tap on the “like” button while scrolling down the page.
2327	For example, a skill might give the user time to solve a puzzle by pressing Echo Buttons.
2328	For example, California recently revised its money transmission statute to regulate, among other activities, the issuance of stored-value.
2329	For example, choose a Classification type, like Serif or Sans Serif.
2330	For example, Gmail's Inbox widget and new message notification can both bypass the Inbox screen, taking the user directly to a conversation view.
2331	For example, I can do a regular craft program – which we all know can have a high price tag – once, or I can use iPads to teach people how to create artwork multiple times.
2332	For example, if bulk line item is behind schedule, it has a higher probability to compete against other remnant line items based on its rate for the opportunity to win the impression.
2333	For example, if the sales team is short of resources to follow-up on leads, the demand generation team can bump up the requirements for which leads will be handed off to sales, and have the remainder go into a marketing nurture program.
2334	For example, if you find your click data in GSC is not proportional to your Google Analytics data, there is a high probability that your site is utilizing redirects in a way that Googlebot has not yet discovered or applied.
2335	For example, if you’re targeting content around a specific team, create a visual where you can feature the image of the VIP player from a game and post.
2336	For example, I grew up with a succinct evangelical version of the Christian story.
2337	For example, Otakon attendees are more likely to dress up than Balticon attendees.
2338	For example, putting all your data and applications in a single cloud, a single region, means there's a single point of failure.
2339	For example, the Contacts, Browser, and YouTube applications use Android Beam to share contacts, web pages, and videos with other devices.
2340	For example, the person who greets the inspector (usually the receptionist) should ask the inspector to wait in the lobby, entrance or reception area while a high-ranking manager is called.
2341	For example, they might choose one to manage identity and another to manage single sign-on.
2342	For example, would I get full 3.3V out of digital outputs?
2343	For features, we have a roadmap for a year ahead, which then drains down to specific plan for each quarter for each team.
2344	For further information regarding certain relationships of Messrs.
2345	For GFOPs who’ve just selected a Premier League team, the season’s first international break is a chance to reflect on your choice.
2346	Forgot to mention, and pertinent to the poem, the one I made for my mom as a cub scout project back when dinosaurs roamed the earth was for a key ring.
2347	For he too may be fighting that hard battle.
2348	For his example in this, among so many other things, I’m grateful.
2349	For his second novel, This Dark Road to Mercy ), inspiration came from his most frequent companion—his wife.
2350	For injections like Botox, Dysport and Restylane, how long will they last and how many others will I need to get to maintain the look?
2351	For instance, the Longitude is in its final stages of certification.
2352	For instance, using VMWare or Parallels, you can drag and drop files from one system to the other.
2353	For instance, venues can use a WiFi analytics platform to improve engagement with visitors and collect insights that can be used to empower marketing and strategic decision making.
2354	For items such as artwork, that may require special box dimensions, consider making your own packaging out of materials that are easy to acquire.
2355	For IT shops that want to avoid manual intervention to arrange and manage features in the latest server OS, there are more than 100 PowerShell recipes in Windows Server 2016 Automation with PowerShell Cookbook: Second Edition by Thomas Lee that can help.
2356	For just $5, you can listen along to the first book of Frodo and the whole crew’s epic journey while your cleaning, commuting, or cooking all 6 of your daily meals.
2357	“Forks” -a quest for culture, cuisine and connection by Allan Karl, but at none other than Novel Neighbor ….and pretty much simultaneously “the year of living biblically” and “how we got to now”
2358	For last three weeks have eliminated wheat & most gluten products.
2359	For many, digital marketing (not just social media) and the tactics involved (programmatic advertising, cookies, re-targeting pixels, influencer marketing) can be confusing.
2360	For many photographers some of those terms may sound unfamiliar, but they're the tools videographers rely on every day.
2361	For many small businesses, the main advantage to using AdWords campaigns is that it delivers immediate results that you can track and analyse.
2362	For many small- to medium-sized businesses (SMBs), the business continuity planning process can be a formidable challenge, especially from the perspectives of time, money and resources.
2363	For many, the cost and wait were worth it.
2364	"For many, the summer season means vacation.
2365	For marketing, she suggests dabbling in a lot of different marketing vehicles to figure out what works best and test different messaging within those vehicles.
2366	For math: put out teddy bear counters for the children to sort and count.
2367	Formatted in DNA, every movie ever made would fit inside a volume smaller than a sugar cube.
2368	Format your hard drive.
2369	Former Goldman partners now run some of the world's biggest financial companies, or hold top positions within them.
2370	For more ideas about how to create layered plantings in a desert garden, see Succulents & Cacti 101 and more of our favorite desert garden projects:Can This Garden Be Saved: “It Barely Rains; I Live in a Desert”
2371	For more information on portable moving containers, check out our website to use the ‘Get Free Quotes Now’ tool.
2372	For more information, see WebLogic Server MBean Referencehttp://download.
2373	For more on language and labels in this context, see the language arts activity in the Interdisciplinary Connections section of this lesson plan.
2374	For more than a quarter of a century, Thomson Reuters has been designing, calculating, governing and publishing the financial benchmarks that lie at the heart of the global financial system.
2375	For most leaders I know, and especially for pastors, this certainly sound like good news.
2376	For my father, the mere mention of the extremely rare (now considered extinct) Ivory-Billed Woodpecker lit up his eyes and set him to find one.
2377	For my part I know nothing with any certainty, but the sight of the stars makes me dream.
2378	For news organizations whose reputations are built on credibility, the concern is real – particularly as social media feeds become an increasingly integral part of the news media's overall strategy.
2379	For Nishio and Peñaloza, supernumerary limbs might augment more than just our physical capability — they might improve our brains, too.
2380	For Noah’s Ark, she used colored pencils to create the tumultuous waters, textural vegetation, and creatures marching two by two.
2381	For now, though, that day likely seems unthinkable to those who are cashing in on the boom in the whiskey business.
2382	For our part at Boeing, we recently reaffirmed the importance of space in our own strategy by naming the satellite market and human space exploration as two of our six key focus areas for Defense, Space & Security.
2383	For over 35 years, Nikon School has been educating and inspiring photographers of all levels with affordable photography classes across the country.
2384	For Pema’s millions of readers, prospective graduates, or anyone at a life crossroads, this gem of clarity and reassurance is sure to find a welcome place in many a kitchen, office, and backpack.
2385	For pledges to projects outside of the US, we store the last four digits and expiration dates for credit cards.
2386	"For real, I don't know what to think, but this is very, very unfortunate haha what year are we in?
2387	For seven straight days, they spent nearly every moment together.
2388	For someone just getting started with WordPress and wants to run a business around it, what should you focus on, what should your goals be, and how do you stay motivated?
2389	For someone like me, though, those rules are liberating because then I know I get to go back to it and rename it and present it in a way that it wasn’t presented before so that the reader gets his or her own images from the repetition of it.
2390	For some reason, I can't seem to get the current song playing as I get this message.
2391	For starters, the fellowship will create an agency that could compete with denominational bodies that sponsor home and foreign missionaries.
2392	For starters there’s no annual fee.
2393	For storage purposes, I copy the files etc afterwards to the folder with the name I want.
2394	For store owners in the U.S., start by checking The United States Patent and Trademark Office.
2395	For such a small book, I would say this is not a small project — but that just means you can really get into it.
2396	For Summer 2017, we have seen an encouraging early start to trading, with bookings ahead across all segments.
2397	For Superior playing on both sides of the border is kind of like a blessing in disguise.
2398	For that matter, do you detect any difference in the meaning of the two sentences above?
2399	For the 12th year in a row, identity theft topped the list of consumer complaints that the Federal Trades Commission received in 2011, showing that people still aren’t being proactive about protecting their identity.
2400	For the 2017 tax season, H&R Block offers reduced prices.
2401	“For the day of vengeance is at hand.
2402	For the first time in history, the phrase “Ash Wednesday” was on the lips of millions of evangelical Christians, not just Catholics and other “high church” Protestants.
2403	For the first time in my years of driving, I slid pretty badly the other day.
2404	For the first time, Lovell is forced to examine the trajectory of his marriage through the lens of memory.
2405	For the lunch crowd that likes something to drink with their tacos, they offer $5 margaritas, pitchers of beer, and spiked aguas frescas.
2406	For the majority of us though the major issue is that there just aren’t ENOUGH girl scout cookie flavors in allergy friendly options.
2407	For the most part, coneflowers have very few problems.
2408	For the purpose of research, threat information is collected permanently and saved from more than three million social media, blogs and underground sites on the Internet.
2409	For the purposes of notification of termination, delivery via e-mail is considered a written and immediate form of notification.
2410	For therapeutic products, a holistic approach would be to synergize natural properties to assist in all components within the entire problem as opposed to focusing on an isolated symptom.
2411	For the wheels use 1/2 inch wood.
2412	For those of us who have become too dependent on shooting 80 photos machine-gun style to get one good photo after culling the 79 losers, using the Mint would be a refresher course in the basics.
2413	For those on a budget: It's worth considering the cheaper Fitbit Zip ($59.99).
2414	For those situations, a cloud disaster recovery service can be an effective and economical solution.
2415	For those who have been forced to flee, Better Shelters help families to create a safe space with the feeling of home, and begin to build the foundations for a better future.
2416	For those who have never played a city-building game, the premise is simple: you, err, build a city.
2417	For Tim, it wasn’t something that spoke to his soul, but unlike most people, he decided to do something about it; Tim quit his job and pursued his passion.
2418	Fort Mason Center charges for parking.
2419	For Tom Grech, executive director of the Queens Chamber of Commerce, putting the borough on the map and demonstrating that “Queens has arrived” are his main objective.
2420	For transactions when the card is not present, proving that the charge is not fraudulent is merchants' task.
2421	"For treating high triglyceride levels there's really nothing out there that's quite this potent, so that's where I expect this new approach to have its greatest therapeutic benefit," Dunbar said.
2422	Fortunately, it's passed with the help of time and meds.
2423	Fortunately, there are many ways to become more agile, with new data centre technologies available that can enable higher levels of digitisation, responsiveness, scalability and automation.
2424	Fortunately, this one's over.
2425	Fortunately, though, there are effective ways to reduce these risks and minimize vulnerability.
2426	Fort Worth Invitational: Recorded his first career top-10 with a T8 at the Fort Worth Invitational.
2427	“Fort Worthless” Jim Wright was the speaker when I started, and Tom Foley came in after “Fort Worthless” Jim was forced to resign.
2428	Forward and rear obstacle avoidance sensors prevent crashes, even when flying as quickly as 31mph.
2429	For Wednesday’s iLounge Deal, you can pick up the Paww WaveSound 3 Noise-Cancelling Bluetooth Headphones for only $74.99 — that’s 50% off the regular price.
2430	For years, I was on the eighth floor of a nine-story office building.
2431	For years scientists have studied the biological basis of human speed, and reported that the fastest athletes are short and muscular in build.
2432	Fought wars with us.
2433	Foundation executive director Pam French commented: "We received such positive feedback regarding the scholarships awarded in 2013 that when it came time to plan for the 2014 scholarship program, it made sense to expand the program."
2434	Founded in 2013, Pluto TV offers more than 100 channels of free, ad-supported curated content in a cable-like guide.
2435	Found it a fun read with likable characters, similar to Jana DeLeon’s Miss Fortune series.
2436	Four ways to fight credit card fraud.
2437	France's Emmanuel Macron visits Pope Francis to accept honorary Catholic title - UPI.
2438	Francois Hollande, who leads the opposition Socialist Party, told reporters Wednesday that such remarks were inappropriate.
2439	Frankie finds herself fascinated by the tightly-laced acrobat and follows her to a Bond Street corset shop that seems to be hiding secrets of its own.
2440	Fredrik lists an infamous Chelsea townhouse with a seller whose reputation for firing brokers precedes her; Ryan entrusts a Park Slope listing to a brand new agent with unorthodox methods; Steve tries a change in strategy with the Circa building.
2441	Free cash flow was negative $739 million for the three months ended in June, Musk wrote in a letter to shareholders Wednesday.
2442	Free next-day shipping, and then it arrives a day early, AND you appear to change the UPS delivery schedule so it is hours ahead of schedule.
2443	Free stock video of desk, hands, personWant more videos than available on Pexels?
2444	Freeway also offers re…
2445	Fremont’s description of this beer surprisingly (to us) highlights its use of “fruit-forward” Mosaic hops, but to our palates, it isn’t the fruity side of Mosaic that necessarily presents itself—and that’s great.
2446	French brand Biologique Recherche has been making Lotion P50 for more than 40 years.
2447	French Decor 3. Where does your inspiration come from when writing articles?
2448	Fresh eggs and homemade mayonnaise make for something really special.
2449	Fri, 22 Jun 2018 23:15:54 +0000Ex-priest accused of abuse allowed access to Chicago schoolshttps://www.
2450	Friday around noon we opened the front door to head out to a neighborhood restaurant for lunch and there on the porch was a FedEx package from Interweave.
2451	Friday, she can show her concern by covering and attending the protests to Vice President Mike Pence’s presentation at The Westin O’Hare hotel in Rosemont, starting at 10:30 a.m.
2452	Fri., Dec. 25.) OPENINGS (There are often last-minute changes, so you'd better verify the dates and curtain times.) CRY HAvoc-A new play by Allan R; Kenward with an all-woman cast which includes Katherine Emery, Katherine Locke, and Thelma Schnee.
2453	FRIEDRICH: And what the government decides to do is expand their existing parental-leave program and offer up to one year of additional leave of absence to every parent with a child age eight or younger.
2454	Friends, family, and peers.
2455	Fries are extra.
2456	From a different person/people: This can work, but I caution you to remember that your story will never be perfect.
2457	From a user perspective, plays a role in the efficiency of the converged technologies.
2458	From being a minority investor, TVS Capital ended up owning two of its portfolio companies.
2459	From Business: Realm Realtors was started in 1998 with one goal in mind to change the way agents and clients are treated.
2460	From overstaying your welcome at a party, to leaving passive-aggressive post-its on your roommate’s belongings, to letting your date know the extent of the internet reconnaissance you did on them—you're destined to embarrass yourself again and again.
2461	From September 15 to September.
2462	From the description, I was expecting something witty and fast-paced but it was very slow and dry.
2463	From the first bite of bread, to the last sip of wine, this place gives you the ultimate French experience in New York.
2464	From the intellectual leader of the Republican party, an unvarnished look into the state of the conservative movement today and a clear plan for what needs to be done to save the American Idea.
2465	From the kitchen, Myra could tell that Ginny was humming.
2466	From the launch of being awarded the Best AHV Innovation, to Zerto’s creative case study with Lippert Components winning Customer Experience of the year, our partners have delivered some incredible work and we were delighted to applaud them for it.
2467	From them, he inherited an outsider's perspective within a black culture he might otherwise be able to claim as his own, an internal conflict that's continued to manifest in his work.
2468	From the Strata Data Conference in London 2018.
2469	From the very moment you open our free, official iPhone and iPad app, you’ll whisper-wonder: “Are the rumors true?
2470	From TPP — If you read the full article, you’ll see she tried to page but was informed paging didn’t work when the doctor was in clinic.
2471	From Tunisia (shakshuka) to Turkey (Swiss chard fritters) and Iran (broad bean kuku) to Lebanon (the delicious hummus kawarma), this cookbook promises to excite the taste buds of anyone interested in Middle Eastern cuisine.
2472	FrostBites, which is a husband and wife team based in British Columbia.
2473	Fruity olive oil and balsamic vinegar to tie the whole thing together.
2474	Fry the prawns in medium heat for about 3 minutes.
2475	FTA issued a Record of Decision approving the light rail project in March 2014.
2476	Full auto, silencer, and so on?
2477	Full cleaning, optimization, health monitoring, and even more to help your Mac run at full speed.
2478	Functions Free includes up to 100 hours of run time per month, and Functions Pro includes up to 1000 hours per month.
2479	“Fundamentally, we know it goes together; it’s just fine-tuning the process we have got,” Lindblad says.
2480	Further, by providing viewability measurement, comScore is putting digital on the same “opportunity to see” playing field as TV.
2481	Furthermore, it truly is a cautionary tale in that if sites such as Pinterest, Netflix and Instagram were disrupted by a storm, imagine what could happen on a wider scale?
2482	Furthermore, long running read operations can run slower if many updates or deletes are occurring and increasing the length of the version chains that SQL Server must scan.
2483	Furthermore, most of the exceptions are cities like Sacramento that have large Hispanic or Asian populations.
2484	“Furthermore, Perry's was said to have a sign from 1927 to 1977 reading, ‘Home of the Famous Lobster Roll.’
2485	Furthermore, this Section 25 shall not prevent any party from seeking provisional remedies in aid of arbitration from a court of appropriate jurisdiction.
2486	Further studies in obese rats, pigs and humans confirmed these results.
2487	FusionSphere once again scored first in the 2017 SPECvirt performance test.
2488	Future software updates are optimized based on what’s learned through that AI.
2489	Gable triumphs again -- over himself.
2490	Gaetz, the Republican congressman, told the he felt “victimized” by Twitter.
2491	Gaia is one of those useless brands, and Nature’s Way sells both useless olive leaf, and good olive leaf extract; you MUST read the label closely.
2492	Gamal’s vision is to carry on his parents legacy as educators by applying design to improve education worldwide.
2493	Gamers are a tough crowd to market monitors for.
2494	Gamification drives engagement, participation and loyalty around your already good content.
2495	Gather together some beautiful flowering branches from your yard, or even your local beach.
2496	Gaudete Sunday is almost here!
2497	Geckos in the house are great for controlling the cockroach problem.
2498	Geddes does take referrals from investment firms like Charles Schwab, which thrive on the sale of managed mutual funds.
2499	Gene Liebel is Co-Founder of Work & Co. Founded 2013, Work & Co creates products and services that define great brands.
2500	Generally speaking, much of the damage can be minimized if the artery is unblocked within the first six hours of an attack.
2501	Gene talks to legendary House music DJ Ron Trent.
2502	Genius at Work (1946): Radio detectives Miles and Strager attempt to catch a master criminal (Lionel Atwill) and his sadistic henchman (Bela Lugosi) in Brown and Carney's final big-screen pairing."
2503	George and Harold run back to the school and get the Combine-O-Tron.
2504	George Pataki, the former three-term New York governor, has a tip for gamblers: Place your chips on his running for president.
2505	Georgia Tech has six colleges.
2506	“Gerard Pique gives the host country a hand,” the Peruvian Libero’s tongue-in-cheek headline read.
2507	German airline says Laudamotion failed to make lease payments, Ryanair says Lufthansa owes Laudamotion €1.
2508	Gessen traces the grim story of Birobidzhan, a region in the desolate Soviet Far East where Jews were granted autonomy and an opportunity to escape their harsh existence of poverty, discrimination, terror, and ‘non belonging’ in Soviet Russia.
2509	Get all of your sleep health questions answered.
2510	Get all the facts about the Avengers' powers, weapons, enemies, and adventures, and meet characters from every decade of the Avengers' epic 50-year comic book history.
2511	Get a table on the elevated stage to enjoy the live jazz music and have a view of the whole venue!
2512	Get authorized credentials// Set up the authorization code flow.
2513	Get dealer-only products and specials, daily access to specific inventory numbers, discounts on everything and more.
2514	Get Exclusive Offers with 4 Wheel Drive Hardware Email Signup for.
2515	Get in on the fu n and subscribe today!
2516	Get premium placement on Cvent’s platforms.
2517	Get ready for a Rebel rendezvous with this legendary Wookiee warrior.
2518	Get Satisfaction’s tactics are utterly transparent and they are SLIME.
2519	Get some indoor fun!
2520	Get the fork out!
2521	Get the latest scoop on hearing loss news!
2522	Get the tutorial at Average But Inspired »
2523	Get the word out.
2524	Getting ahead of the "blended family inheritance" issue is paramount, other legal experts say -- and a trusted estate planning attorney can help in that regard.
2525	Getting booed offstage is a rite of passage for new musicians.
2526	Get updates about Greg Behrendt and recommended reads from Simon & Schuster.
2527	GetYourGuide goes much further than A to B; joining people to places, ideas to itineraries, moments with even better moments.
2528	Gift Service starting at $19.99 per month.
2529	Gigi Hadid Admits She Felt "Big Guilt" About Coming From "Privilege"
2530	Gilberto Najera-Gutierrez is an experienced penetration tester currently working for one of the top security testing service providers in Australia.
2531	GIMP is a graphics editor and stands for GNU Image Manipulation Program.
2532	Ginny walked to Myra's computer and closed all the windows except the file labeled "Natalie", which she somehow, accidentally, deleted instead of closing.
2533	Gino DiStefano, who works with Brad as sales director (and bottle-filler), filled bottles with whiskey a few feet away, capped them off, then dipped the necks in wax.
2534	Girls, of course, have two copies of this chromosome but one X is silenced in every cell.
2535	Give Carmella a ton of credit for her work on the microphone throughout the night, as well as her effort in what turned out to be an entertaining main event.
2536	Give end users the ability to self-check the status of an incident or a request rather than calling or emailing IT support (saving IT time too).
2537	Give it a chance and be patient.
2538	Give it a try for 30 days if you are not willing to wait for 3 months for a start and feel the difference.
2539	Give me a holler if I missed anyone.
2540	Given its publicly traded status, numerous possible income channels (via store plans, retail, Payments, Shipping, Kit and others), Shopify has better business viability.
2541	Given the accelerating changes in demographics and healthcare, this project is designed to provide the Avamere Family of Companies with new insights that could help reduce hospital readmission.
2542	Given the opportunity, they too can organize change.
2543	Give the video in the description a watch.
2544	Glad to see you’ve kept your sense of humor thru all this process.
2545	Glad you made it!
2546	Glanzman said one of McConnell’s students, Al Jacobson, demonstrated the transfer of memories between flatworms via RNA injections, coincidentally while an assistant professor at UCLA.
2547	Glenn Beck is outraged (yeah) over Chris Matthews's use of the term 'balloon head' to describe Congresswoman Michele Bachmann.
2548	Global acceleration of Mobile, Website, Download and Video content for both the middle- and last-mile.
2549	Global Entrepreneurship Monitor report in 2015 revealed that 66% of adults surveyed worldwide see entrepreneurship as a good career choice—over half who are working-age feel they have the ability to start a business.
2550	GlycosBio’s Bio-SIM™ (biologically produced synthetic isoprene monomer) technology provides high-yields of isoprene from low-cost feedstocks such as crude glycerol that are available globally and are sustainable on a large scale.
2551	Go behind the scenes of Marvel’s animated series with a panel presentation.
2552	God, all that sweetness I can no longer do, and caramel is my favorite.
2553	God has given you and other stalwarts a platform for such a time as this, and I'm praying for all of you!
2554	God's love is uncoerced and so freely given that to return the favor, only your heart can respond with the same uncoerced love for Him.
2555	Go hard or go home.
2556	Going agile doesn't mean not knowing where you're going.
2557	Going back to our example, if for example the Philippine Government and Farmers wants to stick with rice farming and not explore other opportunities then why not adapt China's rice and methods?
2558	Going beyond Excel, too many organizations today still spend time communicating monthly, quarterly, and year-end reports via PowerPoint decks, and in the most egregious cases, printing them in stacked binders.
2559	Going into the third match, each player looked to slow things down, jabbing at each other, playing the neutral, and testing each other.
2560	Gollmer said Simmons gave no warning before his arrival, but that didn’t stop the restaurant from serving up a meal he enjoyed.
2561	Golly gee i can’t wait for all the headlines about this around the internet from all the media….
2562	Go make some pancakes and eat them while listening to Nate the Great Collected Stories.
2563	Go natural with single stems and bouquets of hand carved wood rosebuds or surprisingly realistic roses made from seashells.
2564	Gone are those days, and just like on that first date we talked about earlier, you’ll actually be penalized for trying too hard.
2565	Goodacre: "I see this as an interesting discussion that in the end distracts from the lack of evidence that he had a son called Judas."
2566	Good evening, folks.
2567	Good list, looks like more to add to my tbr pile.
2568	Good luck to everyone who enters, and don’t forget to tell your friends!
2569	Good Luck with your future endeavors.
2570	Good news for Hannah: Most people gain after exposure, said Debbie Saslow, director of breast and gynecologic cancer at the American Cancer Society.
2571	Good on you for combining the best of allopathic medicine and herbalism.
2572	Good review but you should have included the Nexus 4 and iPhone 5S.
2573	Good to hear Spunky's doing better.
2574	Google found a way to block Home from recognising the audio in the ad, while Wikipedia deleted the updates to the Whopper page and locked it to stop any further changes being made.
2575	Google has confirmed with us that on Thursday, September 27th, they released a Panda algorithm update – this would be the 20th Panda.
2576	Google has since apologized and pulled the button to stop any further issues.
2577	Google itself seems aware that it is far from ready for the wider consumer market, and recently appointed a new leader for the project.
2578	Google only launched the Pixel and Pixel XL smartphones yesterday, but they've already managed to grab DxOMark's highest mobile score ever.
2579	Google Rebrands Custom Search “Business Edition” As “Google Site Search”
2580	Googles been like a best friend to me lately, anytime someone asks me something I don't know about I hit google and learn a little.
2581	Google Search Algorithm Juno Blizzard Coming?
2582	Google sets and enforces limits on your use of the APIs (e.g. limiting the number of API requests that you may make or the number of users you may serve), in our sole discretion.
2583	Go on, ASK me something about lions I don't know."
2584	Gore shrugged and delivered a signature line, borrowed from Oscar Wilde: “No good deed goes long unpunished.”
2585	Gosh, I wish I could remember something about this dish because it looks good now that I look back on it.
2586	Go to www.nasacort.co.uk for ‘hayfever hotspot’ maps that show how each reason will be affected – including abroad, so you can plan a hayfever-free holiday.
2587	Gotta do this for my four hooligan rescue hounds!
2588	Got was out first time at La Grotta and we had booked the date for our anniversary dinner.
2589	Goudy and Chavetz would go through Chavetz messages each day to see which ones they had to worry about.
2590	Governor Haley hired Experian with a no bid contract for 12 million dollars to protect S.C. citizens.
2591	Gov features have been designed to make it easier to find a job, start a new company, attend a career fair or get certified as a minority- or women-owned business (MWBE).
2592	Gov. Kenneth Mapp of the US Virgin Islands told reporters on Sept. 11 that Trump had told him he would visit the territory "in the next six or seven days" after Hurricane Irma wrought havoc there.
2593	Grab this backpack with your student discount!
2594	Grace and Frankie is also set to return, with its second instalment landing on the service globally on May 6, 2016.
2595	Gracious God, may your Spirit be at work as I’m preaching.
2596	Grade III astrocytoma: It's sometimes called a high-grade or an anaplastic astrocytoma.
2597	Graduate offerings include master's degree programs in business administration and nursing.
2598	Grann exposed the horror and the murder as one member of the Osage tribe was killed after another.
2599	Graphics does have the capability for a lot of redundancy on it and so we feel like it’s a great utilization of the technology.
2600	Graphic wrapping paper makes great looking artistic paper collages.
2601	Great for deburring, burnishing, peening metal.
2602	Great for noshin' on while you're hanging out watching one of the 20 or so flat screens during a game.
2603	Great interview, you nailed it!
2604	Great investment opportunity in the Southside of Atlantic City.
2605	Great location for everything, very welcoming staff, helpful.
2606	Great point, Anders.
2607	Great writing and great performances all around.
2608	Gretchen and Kevin designed their wedding to feel like a private tour of the city's art museum.
2609	Grid scroll partners not in sync in certain situations.
2610	Grill the corn, starting with the bacon seam-side down.
2611	Grok on from Norway!
2612	Group based licensing supports the coexistence with Direct license assignment to users.
2613	GroupM Connect offers clients choice, value and ease of access to the best the market has to offer, allied with the technology and tools to objectively analyse activity and ensure they’re making the best choices.
2614	Groups that back the ban also plan to rally.
2615	Growth was however helped by some specific factors such as a soft comparator in China, strong ice cream sales and some advanced sales in Latin America.
2616	Guard against the desire to talk about others’ situations, problems, or behaviors.
2617	Guest Author, Declan Burke: These Are Strange Days.
2618	Guest of 29-JUL-2015: Good point and I agree because I saw them perform at the Merchandise Mart a couple of times and I really liked them.
2619	Guests included President Jimmy Carter, Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and TV Host Oprah Winfrey.
2620	GuitarTab - Tabs and chords GuitarTab is a viewer / player for 800000+ free guitar tabs & chords.
2621	Gun Bun makes pretty small batch wines, so they're a little difficult to get at retail.
2622	Habib, the brand’s founder, has voiced the hope that the move could help the company reach 5,000 outlets across the country in the next five years, The Economic Times of India has reported.
2623	Hacking back is already a thing, many companies already do it, nobody gets prosecuted for it.
2624	Had a great time, was glad I did it once.
2625	Had a pair of Sorels before, and the Beans are far and away better for comfort, versatility, & durability.
2626	Hadid got her first pony when she was two.
2627	Had Nicholas II died after the first 10 years of his reign (he came to power in 1894), he would have been regarded as a moderately successful emperor.
2628	Had not read any of the previous entries to the Quinn Colson series, but that didn't prevent me from enjoying this book as I felt it was just fine as a standalone.
2629	“Had the shit knocked out of me.”
2630	Half the pharmacies in Pike County have bulletproof glass.
2631	Half the students can be the girl and half the students can be the potato.
2632	Halutza (al-Khalasa) – One of the Negev’s Nabataean towns, Halutza later became a Byzantine settlement.
2633	Hamas has never been weaker.
2634	Hamilton is also the editor of the Edgar award-winning short story anthologies os Angeles Noir 2: The Classics.
2635	Hammocks are booming in popularity, but Michigan State bans them<p>EAST LANSING, Mich.—The Michigan State University Hammocking Club has a problem.
2636	Hamsters can have up to 7 babies at a time.
2637	Handheld devices have really returned reading to a private endeavor.
2638	Handing out blank journals to kids of all ages is one of my annoying habits, but it helps infect them with handwriting as well as journaling, two things I don't want to see disappear off the face of the earth.
2639	Handmaids play a special role in society and are both respected on one hand and looked down upon as well.
2640	Han Jae Suk is a successor of a main munitions business company in Korea.
2641	Hardcover, Large Print (August 2nd, 2017): $31.
2642	Hardcover, Large Print, Large Print (March 1st, 2011): $33.
2643	Hard discounters were first introduced by Aldi in Germany, and are also known as limited-line discounters.
2644	Hard disks have gotten larger, but their speed has not kept pace with the relative speed improvements in RAM and CPU technology.
2645	Hardy bayberry shrubs and trees thrive in USDA growing zones 3-9 and can withstand salty waterfronts or windy roofs.
2646	Harkavy Sings About Her Arrow Future, As Black Canary or OtherwiseJuliana Harkavy opens up about her experience bringing a classic DC Comics character top life on Arrow, her Black Canary goals and more.
2647	HarperCollins asked its authors from around the world why they write, why they read, and what books have influenced them.
2648	Harper Lee’s manuscript was published after her death in 2016 amid quite a bit of controversy.
2649	Harrison lovingly shows us how this "lucky old fool" of a man tries to navigate the seven deadly sins, death and evil in rural Michigan.
2650	“Harvard graduate gives poetic convocation speech”
2651	Has anyone been able to find it in the wild?
2652	Has anyone tried this with nuts added?
2653	Have a wonderful date night with your hubby!
2654	Have a wonderful week, Molly.
2655	Have had no issues with the phone since April.
2656	Have never been and have no desire to do so.
2657	Have you also considered …”?
2658	Have you been talking up a big game when it comes to your marathon running intentions, but haven't quite started actioning your training schedule?
2659	Have your kids mount them on paper and frame them, or, if they aren’t too delicate, use them to adorn homemade cards.
2660	Have you talked to Coats since you got back?
2661	Having a scalable business model isn’t enough.
2662	Having debt placed into a can be a pretty stressful ordeal, especially if the debt isn’t actually yours.
2663	Having had to work in a company with people who were taught, American or British English with the occasional Australian/Indian was interesting especially when people were relaxed enough to go colloquial.
2664	Having just found a new place in the world, Wanda will now assumedly be forced to go underground to avoid the authorities.
2665	Having mainly focused on the areas Innovation Consulting, Digital Transformation Management, and Design Thinking.
2666	Having said all that, the most useful thing of all for me in making the drawings was that I believed in Cora, her parents, her nanny, and Croc.
2667	Having the 170OB side by side with a similar sized boat that has a stern-drive rig gives you a really good eyeball on exactly what you get and what you give.
2668	He added, “The more people hear about reptiles in Belfast over the years, the more people have gotten them as pets, especially the bearded dragons.
2669	He adds, “From a tech standpoint, I’m really excited about React Native and Ionic for mobile.”
2670	Headlines include: Dating app risks, the Channing Tatum and Jenna Dewan split, and the secret factor in your relationship success.
2671	Headquartered in New York City with ten global offices, we employ hundreds of the brightest minds in advertising and technology who believe that advertising powers the Internet.
2672	Head to the Arch London…
2673	He allegedly was selected to be one of the hijackers and made a ‘‘martyr video,” but was four times denied a visa at U.S. embassies, in both Berlin and his native Sana’a, Yemen.
2674	He also denied that the company was exploiting any loopholes or gaming the system with respect to its licensing agreements with that keep Humira biosimilars off the U.S. market until 2023.
2675	He also has lunch with Mike Pence and hosts the NASCAR Cup Series Champion Martin Truex Jr. and team at the White House.
2676	He also takes another dig at Sarah Palin.
2677	He also works closely with technology companies and startups to explore strategic partnerships.
2678	He and Brett are a lot alike in more ways than one.
2679	He and I sometimes saw our work week increase by five to a dozen hours because of inventories.
2680	Heaps better than AVG which misses trojans.
2681	Hear about designing resilience, managing alerting, CI/CD lessons, & security.
2682	Hear from Pat Henderson from Experian's National Credit Assistance Center (NCAC) who leads a team of highly skilled and knowledgeable agents in the NCAC who are dedicated to assist consumers with disputes and fraud assistance.
2683	Hearing about bokk shops closing is always depressing.
2684	Heartache and failure are inevitable, so the key component we talk about in our family is grace and the true meaning of unconditional love.
2685	Heartburn PreventionLearn about heartburn prevention with these tips from the experts at WebMD.
2686	Hearts A Flutter bundle and the other products listed in the video in my Online Store!
2687	He asked, “What are the most important laws?”
2688	He assembled an array of 87 World War I aircraft and personally directed the aerial combat scenes over Mines Field (now Los Angeles International Airport).
2689	Heat a grill over medium high.
2690	Heather, your snowballs are pretty.
2691	He attributed such snags to a "lumpiness in the business."
2692	Heavily influenced by the art of the Middle East, he was active for nearly thirty years from the 1870s onwards and was never content with an existing technical process if he thought it could be improved.
2693	Heavy drapes covered the windows overlooking the rue Saint-Honoré.
2694	He believes a good set of headphones is one designed for the majority and bases his tuning on this belief so everyone can come to truly appreciate music.
2695	He believes in simple tools and systems over trends, and testing balanced against risk.
2696	He belongs to a church in the Chicago area.
2697	He came home wanting to make authentic sticky rice.
2698	He closed his eyes and lost himself in the feel of her fingers against his scalp, the steady rise and fall of her chest, the softness of her breast beneath his cheek.
2699	He completed his Master’s degree at the University of Haifa in the Land of Israel Studies and is currently studying toward a PhD.
2700	He considered using HDS's Universal Replicator to move data between sites, but decided to tackle both as well as DR with a Hitachi NAS 3100 head, based on platform that HDS sells through an OEM deal.
2701	He contacted the seller, who said she had bought the merchandise from elsewhere.
2702	He covered orchestration, monitoring, and centralized logging live, to show you that you, too, can do it.
2703	He described the Russia investigation as "a cloud" that was impairing his ability to act on behalf of the country.
2704	He did have street cunning, most of it aimed at keeping himself a mystery.
2705	He did it with Theranos.
2706	He did not come across to me as someone who would want to do this just for publicity for his restaurant.
2707	He did not continue his formal studies in America, though, as an autodidact, he studied English, astronomy, the violin and musical composition.
2708	He didn't want to have to worry about where he was and what it was doing to the temperature of the display.
2709	He discovers both accounting fraud and industrial espionage run by a mysterious and deadly Middle Eastern assassin known only as Ghostman.
2710	He doesn’t look as favorably on the other productions blaring through the speakers, though, lamenting the unimaginative 808s dominating hip-hop at the moment.
2711	He doesn't look at us, and it's not scary a bit."
2712	He doesn't say much, but he'll kick your ass if you get out of line.
2713	He ended up spending the night in the hospital for blood loss and his dad tossed the pube sack and grounded him for a couple of months.
2714	He failed, and TVN was soon shuttered.
2715	He feels the only way he can reconcile this identity crisis is to leave the safety and comfort of the ranch and find his own way, despite the odds and the unconditional love the Reeses have shown.
2716	He ferrets out the real men and women behind the public personas, learning about life-shaping experiences they all have in common that turn out to be the foun-dation for true success in career and in life.
2717	He finished fourth at the Masters.
2718	He found that even adding a “Print This Page” link beside a previously lone call to action boosted conversions.
2719	Hegarty believes Marmite is one brand still doing “brilliant things” in advertising.
2720	He gets along with everybody, he laughs with them instead of at them, he seems to actually enjoy human foibles and eccentricity in an unsupercilious way.
2721	He had an exceptional eye for talent.
2722	He had a rocking horse when he was little.
2723	He had been the subject of trade rumors earlier in the week, but those talks seem to have slowed, so it's possible that his next start will come for the Orioles in Texas on Friday.
2724	He had fought thirty-two battles in the bloody conflict between Liberals and Conservatives known as the Thousand Days’ War, which ended in 1902.
2725	“He has a clear ax to grind,” the NBC News source added.
2726	He has also held leadership roles at several software security firms, including Netegrity, Inc., IMlogic, Inc., and Symantec Corporation.
2727	He has also held seminars on the subject of machine and deep learning in Milan and New York.
2728	“He has a network of supportive, wonderful, intelligent women around him who recognize his flaws,” says Trilling.
2729	He has lived with pure isolation and heightened connectivity, and he understands both.
2730	He has not only perfected the art of handling any type of fraud that a customer could possibly experience, but he has taken it upon himself to document best practices when confronted with more complex scenarios.
2731	He has promised to renegotiate NAFTA, and has pledged to label China a currency manipulator (which could have massive implications on industry).
2732	He has to fight not only the redskin warriors but his own doubts about his mission and mutiny among his soldiers.
2733	He has translated fourteen books from Spanish into English.
2734	He immediately went in pursuit of Gautama and caught him in no time.
2735	He instead became a Calvin Klein model and rapper.
2736	He is a damaged man trapped in his adolescent past – and Winton allows us to witness some very important moments in his life through the eyes of his mother, his father, his wife, even a girl who has a crush on him in school.
2737	He is a fan of Iowa Hawkeyes football, and has Kirk Ferentz’s face tattooed on his calf.
2738	He is a healthy eating and exercise advocate and loves educating people about what’s in the food they are eating and how to live healthier lives.
2739	He is a native of Georgia and began his writing career in the advertising industry.
2740	He is a Nephilim, an ancient race that was spawned when fallen angels mated with human women.
2741	He is currently based in Los Angeles.
2742	He is currently responsible for product management at BlueData, where he focuses on helping enterprises deploy big data technologies including Hadoop and Spark.
2743	He is currently writing a book on Docker for O'Reilly publishing.
2744	"He is expected to make a full and complete recovery," the company said.
2745	He is joined by forensic toxicologist Jacqueline Isley to solve what becomes a series of gruesome murders: A famous photographer bleeds to death from his eyes while a woman's own body chokes her to death as it shuts down, organ by organ.
2746	He is portrayed by actor and is based off of the comic-book character by the same name.
2747	He is preceded in death by his son Lee Lyman Dewey Tuttle III ("Trey").
2748	He is stronger than any heavyweight in the top 10, and he may have the best chin in the history of boxing.
2749	He is the author of Paper and Iron, The House of Rothschild, The Pity of War, The Cash Nexus, Empire, Colossus, The War of the World, The Ascent of Money, High Financier, and Civilization.
2750	He is tiny and finding clothes that don’t fall off of him is a trick or clothes he may tinkle on.
2751	He is very emotional over something trivial, and his accusation that there was "ego" involved in this "incident" has no basis.
2752	He kindly agreed to an interview, and I was able to ask him a few questions.
2753	He knew that guy who was pawning his watch because he’d missed the harvest, or whatever.
2754	He knows Callahan, a donor to his last election campaign, and figures he can negotiate a mutually agreeable arrangement, winding up a hero in the process.
2755	He learned to draw from studying the pictures in old magazines in the back of a second hand bookshop.
2756	He lit up the Championship last season, and another year of the same could see him returning to Anfield ready to take up a permanent spot in Klopp's match day squad.
2757	Helium was great as a proof of concept, but hydrogen releases a whole lot more energy - it also happens to be a whole lot harder to heat.
2758	He’ll guide you through the preparation of three delicious concoctions.
2759	Hello, I am getting complaints from visitors to my site with the mobile thmme: on the primary menu, if a menu item has a drop down, they have to click the little arrow instead of clicking the button for the drop down.
2760	Hello, I want to use this sensor (3V input) with the MicroView (5V output).
2761	He looks out one more time over the crowd.
2762	He loved perfectly in my place.
2763	Helping families find pockets of time to read with kids, excellent suggestions from https://t.
2764	Help me to understand the point I’m obviously missing.
2765	He made his name as a credentialed insider in the world of science and technology—as someone who could be trusted to make arcane science accessible to the layman.
2766	He made only 12 exposures but knew he got the magic moment.
2767	He made time to visit his father and stepfamily more often, even though he regularly saw Parks Sr. at NU games and practices.
2768	He makes bread in sort of an old school, natural leavening method.
2769	Hence adults also love this book and its sequel, Mr. Gumpy’s Motor Car, Mr. Gumpy invites us to come again for a ride some other day.
2770	Henceforth, conservatism would be as much about electoral slash-and-burn as it would be about a policy agenda.
2771	Hence to avoid this, if the account reaches 80% of the allowed storage, the migration gets suspended(paused) temporarily.
2772	He new so much about Greece and the tour guides at the museums have so much passion about the monumens and artifacts.
2773	He now has Hypo…
2774	Henrik Møller JørgensenHenrik is a Global Analyst for Household Products; conducting research, leveraging his extensive knowledge and creating reports and customised client serveys for Mintel.
2775	Henry de Bromhead completed a quickfire double at Leopardstown as Paloma Blue landed the Thorntons Recycling Maiden Hurdle.
2776	Henry had tossed out orders last time she’d talked with him.
2777	He numbed himself with alcohol.
2778	He opened the story with “within a decade Kivalina is likely to be under water.
2779	He or she should have control over their own personal data.
2780	He or she wants to talk to the entire audience and uses “you guys.”
2781	He paid the man standing near him who was wearing an apron.
2782	He pointed at the briefcase, made a little boom sound.
2783	He presided over a moment in which theater became immersive, function merged with form, and people became consumers.
2784	He provides detailed descriptions of patients while at the same time creating a compelling setting.
2785	He pulled Ada’s hands off his waist.
2786	… He pushes the other side just enough.”
2787	He puts on an apparatus that reads his thoughts and projects them onto the screen.
2788	Her 1975 theatre piece For Colored Girls Who Have Considered Suicide/When the Rainbow Is Enuf quickly brought her fame.
2789	Her career spans more than 13 years, with experience marketing security and cloud solutions for enterprises.
2790	Her cluelessness runneth over.
2791	Her creation will, no doubt, launch a successful career for a new graduate, but change the lives of millions of premature infants and their families.
2792	Her current project focuses on Germany’s transition from nuclear to renewable energy sources, and particularly on emergent forms of sentiment, class and citizenship in rural communities on the path to carbon neutrality.
2793	Her debut, The Sleepwalker's Guide to Dancing, tells the story of an Indian family grappling with American life in New Mexico.
2794	Here are just some of the ways that you can release your frequency and let it rise.
2795	Here are our favorite ideas from built-in solutions to instant hacks.
2796	Here are Roman buildings, a paved street leading direct to the Temple Area, a street of steps leading from that same area down to the bed of the valley and rock cuttings dating from the Second Temple.
2797	Here are some more awesome apps for you to check out!
2798	Here are some quotes that show how I feel.
2799	Here are some tips on tuning Varnish cache that we discussed during the course.
2800	Here are your 2014 Academy of Handmade Awards Finalists!
2801	Here, at least, they don't usually list the amount of protein on the bag, you have to look for it online or contact the company directly.
2802	He recognized nothing.
2803	Here in Ireland, if the short story doesn’t get an almighty kick up the arse about every five years or so, it tends to melt down into puddles of lyric reverie.
2804	Here is an updated set of rankings for those of you in keeper and dynasty leagues.
2805	Here, it hopes to draw in customers looking for small, every-day and essential products rather than big-price purchases.
2806	He remains a psychology professor by trade, and he still spends much of his time doing something like therapy.
2807	HERE provides the means to visualize telco data, as well as demographic data such as population, type of neighborhood, average income and customer preferences within a geospatial context.
2808	Here’s a breakdown of some of your options (but in reality there are dozens!
2809	Here's a closer look at the inside.
2810	Here's a high rez gallery of drawings by the late great Leonard Starr.
2811	Here’s a look at the gender, race and ethnicity of drivers participating in NASCAR’s minority development program.
2812	Here's an adapter that's always good to have on hand.
2813	Here’s a stunning 2D platform-action affair that looks and plays like a full-blooded console game.
2814	He resembled his parrot most uncannily at these moments because he was so like a bird suddenly given the power to understand its own speech.
2815	Here’s how to best navigate this thriving dining town.
2816	Here's how to find it with your Apple Watch!
2817	Here’s Rob with a ruler, trying to figure out how to roll the dough up in parchment paper before refrigerating and slicing.
2818	Here's the best part: these dranks will be available in pitchers.
2819	Here's the link to the 2016 Icewine Festive Website: Icewine Festival in Niagara-on-the-Lake, Ontario, Canada.
2820	Here's the signalized update.
2821	Here’s to a healthy 2015!
2822	“Here’s to the best daddy and GRAND daddy!
2823	Here, supple calf leather has been quilted as a unique wave motif that defines the silhouettes of the two main styles: The Chain bag, Chain tote.
2824	Here’s what one Muslima has to say: “Yes, it’s possible to be queer and Muslim”
2825	Here’s what you need to know about this emerging technology.
2826	Here’s your comprehensive, always up-to-date guide on the best times to buy everything this year.
2827	Here, they tell us what works and what doesn’t, plus why they’re passionate about this cause.
2828	Here, things are different.
2829	Here we can see that it is not a social or administrative demand?
2830	Here we have a refreshing, real world moment aside from the usual sets and green screen.
2831	Here, we have compiled a listing of web resources for gamers, featuring the most important RPG designers.
2832	Here, you’ll end up with the usual slightly grey looking bars like on a normal LCD TV.
2833	Her goal is to set up her talented staff with the ability to reach their hopes and dreams, and if they are recruited away from University Hospitals, it’s Miller’s hope that they duplicate and advance those values elsewhere.
2834	Her hands squeeze mine so tightly the fingers redden.
2835	Her jumping-off points might be statistics, romance, the art world's piranha tank, games of chance and games of skill, the travails of publishing, or success.
2836	Her laughter filled our row of seats.
2837	Her love of Kraftwerk and indie acts mingles with her deep R&B roots for one-of-a-kind tracks.
2838	Her most recent work includes an adult coloring book of Republican presidential candidates and a story anthologized in ALPHABET, a collection of LGBTQAI comics.
2839	Her music is some of the sweetest and most lyrical in the opera.
2840	Her post-release survival means she has to figure out how to live with what happened to her (recidivism is a real bitch in this case), and somehow find a future that a onetime Hope could never have been prepared for.
2841	Her snub nose crinkles in confusion.
2842	Her Story at Books-A-Million> Join and Get FREE SHIPPING!
2843	Her style isn’t always Disney, but when it is, it’s bold, bright, and beautiful.
2844	Her stylist Jason Bolden also tells The Hollywood Reporter how they choose her red carpet looks: "If it doesn’t make us laugh, it does not work."
2845	Her vocals sit snugly within the mix, rather than intruding on it, while the songs deal with adult themes like versus globalization (on “Jet Setters”) and ill health (on “Dr.
2846	He said he bases that worry on how the state has dealt with regulating other businesses and hopes to avoid a similar fate for cannabis.
2847	He said he believes he might have been killed without it.
2848	He said it was — and gave me advice on how to set it up.
2849	Hes a kind family man, great scholar & furthest thing from a spy.”
2850	He’s a man, one whose ferocious yearnings were formed in the cauldron of a hateful institution.
2851	He's an Australian, he's a rugby player.
2852	He says future research could analyze how early chronotypes’ diabetes risk changes when they’re tasked with eating a late breakfast.
2853	He says it has to do with the promotion of the book and will cost them money, so my editor has to go to her boss for approval.
2854	He says it will be a full-service café, inspired by the sidewalk cafés of cities like Brussels and Bruges.
2855	He’s been scoping divorce for thirty-five years, and still loves it.
2856	He seemed to actually exceed his battery life!”
2857	He sent an email.
2858	He’s fellow and head of Adobe Research, but he’s also an.
2859	He’s having a blockbuster year and this is a gesture to thank for all the early support.”
2860	He should consider economic concessions in exchange for help ridding his nation of mass drug violence.
2861	He showed him not to take a single verse out of context but to look at verses and see how they fit.
2862	He shows off his skills with sharp spears of fresh tuna, thick fillets of rich mackerel braised in a homemade soy-chili sauce, and chawanmushi, a silky egg and mushroom custard.
2863	He’s into them, too.
2864	He's now a junior in college, but it took her that long.
2865	He speaks, but what he says, we cannot tell.
2866	Hesperus has had his memory of his original mission wiped.
2867	He started his career as an information security trainer and later moved to consulting.
2868	He stayed up working until five the next morning, hearing Hamilton’s final moments at last.
2869	He thought that what was then called the “information highway” would be primarily of interest to businesses.
2870	He tottered to a cabinet and took down another highball glass.
2871	He travelled across Australia from South to North.
2872	He tries to go beyond the headlines to explain the context and impact of developments in China's tech sector.
2873	He urged the court to not usher in a surveillance technology, irrespective of its technical brilliance, as fundamental rights were far too valuable to be subjected to surveillance.
2874	He used to be a management consultant, before realising in his 30s that he loved good comics and wanted to make a career out of them.
2875	He wants to be part of his father’s law firm, and his parents will never approve of an interracial marriage.
2876	He was also the head writer for the highly praised PBS children's series SeeMore's Playhouse.
2877	He was appointed by Bush, you silly numbskull.
2878	“He was basically a good guy,” Crouch says.
2879	He was executed, yes, but even that event is problematical for us, for he appeared to us after his execution.
2880	He was happy to be alive.
2881	“He was interested in our culture and that says something to Japanese people,” said Mr. Kodera.
2882	He was one of the pioneers of video on demand and helped transform the entertainment viewing experience for customers by launching X1, cloud DVR, live in-home streaming across devices, the talking guide and the voice remote.
2883	“He was sure of who he was.”
2884	He wrote about the violent city, and violence would help end his newspaper career when he was beaten nearly to death by a mob in South Philly in 1981.
2885	Hey, aren’t you supposed to be working?
2886	"Hey, Google, I can't vouch for this other page on my website".
2887	Hey—shut the fuck up!
2888	Hezbollah Leader Hassan Nasrallah’s rhetoric begins to include references for striking targets deep in Israel ( most notable: Tel Aviv Airport and Israeli warships at sea).
2889	Hibernate makes object-relational mapping simple by mapping the metadata in an XML file that defines the table in the database that needs to be mapped to a particular class.
2890	Hi Beth, I have been looking for a copy of The Man with the Violin up here, but it is not in any libraries yet.
2891	Hickory Chair Suite 102 Although the American company Hickory Chair does not manufacture traditional furniture exclusively, it does collaborate with designers, specifically Alexa Hampton, whose collections are made of antique reproductions.
2892	Hiding in Dr P's background are his other roles as sensei, magician, friend, father, brother, and husband.
2893	Hi everyone im looking to relocate in the Gwinett Co area or Decatur not sure if this it tha same area but any how,Im looking to move there by the.
2894	Hi Francis, Luciano from Italy, nice to e-meet you.
2895	High Arsenic & Lead Levels In Juice: What Parents Should Do About It – ConsumeristWhoops!
2896	“Highly Illogical Behavior” accomplishes this in a spectacular way.
2897	Highly recommended for those who savor the short story and for all Latin Americanists.
2898	High-performance thermoplastic co-polyester (TPC) made partially from renewable rapeseed oil in place of mineral oil that significantly reduces carbon dioxide emissions from cradle to gate.
2899	High school diploma or GED or any combination of training, education and experience Completion of an trade.
2900	Hi- Has this functionality been created yet?
2901	Hi. it was the width of an element set in px.
2902	Hike up the hill to the best viewpoint.
2903	Hi OTW, thanks for replying.
2904	His baby food is layered in the jar, which catches Tom’s attention.
2905	His books, inspired by philosophy, literature and Surrealism, come in varied graphic and stylistic forms.
2906	His character name is not "Jack the Ripper".
2907	His dark and forbidding actions seem to coincide with something unworldly, threatening all with a nameless dread and slowly blacking out the sky.
2908	His decision was made.
2909	His feet splayed, fist on his hips, he stood with his back to me and faced the window.
2910	His first line in the role was, "Predictable as ever, Doctor.", and his last line was, "You lie."
2911	His hair was beautiful and snow white.
2912	His heart, even in the middle of major personal obstacles, is on display.
2913	Hi Simon, Thank you for the help.
2914	His main opponent Olivia Crawford, played by Allison Tolman, withdraws her candidacy so that the two can avoid splitting the vote against John Kelly, the white man up for the job.
2915	His many enemies and even his British employers view him as a cold-blooded, remorseless killer for hire, capable of appearing and disappearing like a shadow, leaving death in his wake.
2916	His name is Cloudman.
2917	His picks in 2009 outperformed the S&P 500 index by 24 percentage points.
2918	His previous work includes The Way Through Doors (2009) and the story "The Early Deaths of Lubeck, Brennan, Harp & Carr’s Plimpton Prize in 2008 and is highly disturbing and wonderful.
2919	His son turned two this year and, if I booktalk this right, putting the emphasis on violence and fatherhood, I’ll put the hooks into him, and he’ll have to read it.
2920	His success often depends on the tolerance of his purchased labor.
2921	Historical Fiction is my favorite, too—still!
2922	His troubles began early, as he was intercepted by Mike Hilton at midfield on the Titans' third offensive play from scrimmage.
2923	"Hi Suzanne, all I need to say is that sometimes I think you have crawled inside my head!
2924	His various books are linked by his interest in cultural crossroads and the values that transcend boundaries.
2925	His website is to help and inspire stepfathers, aspiring stepfathers and the women who love them worldwide.
2926	His wicked charm intrigues her, but that's where it ends.
2927	His wife, Maureen, is very powerful.
2928	His words resonated with me, and got me interested in other areas like sales, marketing, and business development.
2929	Hi, thanks for all the goodness! i have been using your site like crazy lately.
2930	Hi there, princess butter!
2931	Hit The Road With Us This Summer!
2932	Hmm, a half-pint of Jack in one pocket, and a mini-hardback book in the other.
2933	Hmmm, I think this time I put too much water in mine.
2934	Hölderlin should not be overlooked -- he was Nietzsche’s favorite poet, and his work helped Paul Celan find a way to render the unspeakable in the German tongue.
2935	Holding a finger on the Swype gesture symbol in the bottom left corner brings up a mini-menu.
2936	Hold the panel and act out a scene from the story.
2937	Hollywood & Sports Collide At 2010 ESPY Awards!
2938	Home Affairs Minister Obert Mpofu accuses the opposition of using the presence of international election observers to “grandstand” and cause “anarchy.”
2939	Home blogger Jordan Reid is an innately organized person, so chaos was not the defining element of her bedroom's closet.
2940	Honda makes the CR-V in three different trim levels.
2941	Honestly, I haven’t re-read a book in a few years.
2942	Honestly, I just write about the stuff I like.
2943	"Hong Kong is always changing, it’s always embraced change.”
2944	Hootsuite power users can take full advantage of all the lists, tags and terms they’ve already set up within Hootsuite and use them to power their Flipboard magazines.
2945	Hope you enjoy Grocery as much as I did.
2946	Hope you get at least some of these for Christmas.
2947	Hortonworks files for an initial public offering, but big data enthusiasts -- and CIOs -- shouldn't celebrate just yet, according to analysts.
2948	Hosein was earlier announced as the regional winner for the Caribbean, for which he was awarded £2,500.
2949	Hosts in the section can be remote Linux machines, but any remote host will report metrics under the you set in the Agent configuration file of your local monitoring machine.
2950	Host Your Own Film Festival-Pick a theme, allow each family member to pick a movie, then get comfortable for a day of movies.
2951	Hot Doug’s is in hot water with the city.
2952	HOUSE TOUR: Bunny Williams Transforms A Homely A-Frame Into An Inspiring Studio Space With 22 bucolic acres, Bunny Williams was only missing one thing at her legendary Connecticut retreat: an inspiring work studio.
2953	How an unexplained fire ravaged their house, killing four of the five family members.
2954	Howard injured his ankle and is questionable to return to Sunday's game against the Falcons, Jenna Laine reports.
2955	How are they sharing it?
2956	How are we defining "top?"
2957	How can anyone think that his writings are satire?
2958	How can companies and government collaborate to counter ransomware and other cyber risks?
2959	How can I add credits except my heads?
2960	How desirable have you made it to click that button?
2961	How did inspiration actually work?
2962	How did you know you wanted to play Lori?
2963	How did you retain such a cozy warmth to the space?
2964	How difficult is it to move up the career ladder at Amazon?
2965	How does Delta Handle an Oversold Flight?
2966	How does the president expect to accomplish a fraction of his budget priorities if he refuses to threaten a veto against these spending bills?
2967	How does your work help people, communities or the environment?
2968	How do I remove an eBook from my device?
2969	How do I tweet my Author Page URL?
2970	How do I use it: Spritz pulse points.
2971	How do we ensure prices set for branded products are always competitive?
2972	How do we fulfill our conflicting duties as father, husband, and son; wife and mother; child and adult?
2973	“How do we stop the fluff and build great companies?”
2974	How Do You Deal With Ghosting In Dating?
2975	How do you think GDPR will affect data privacy protection expectations for U.S. citizens?
2976	How do you think you would react if you were in the position of these girls?
2977	However, adoption of emerging initiatives such as IoT, AI and digital transformation will largely vary.
2978	However, another type of shopping assistant will rise out of the current smart speaker boom and handle all the routine household purchases as unobtrusively as possible, while virtually taking the human element out of the equation.
2979	However, anything by Anne Lamott is something to be celebrated and this book is absolutely no exception.
2980	However, as my 5th grade social studies book (circa ~1958) commented on Islam, “Muslims converted North Africa at the edge of the sword.”
2981	However, as the plants can be delicate, they may prove difficult to transplant.
2982	However, CMP’s assessment on the performance of its smart meters differs dramatically from that of Maine’s public advocate.
2983	However, due to the large production of flowering, this strain is susceptible to mold which can be reduced by growing indoors to reduce humidity.
2984	However, EHR data are highly complex, given the structure and breadth of information captured (spanning provider behavior, care utilization, treatment pathways, and patient disease state) and irregular sampling frequency.
2985	However, EMC Expert Option has a multi-layer resonance analysis function that can analyze the entire PCB and shows the effect of each pair of planes.
2986	However, he did take the easy way out by holding it in Chicago, where reporters are less aware of state government.
2987	However, he doesn't expect to encounter elves in the basement of his college library.
2988	“However, he made clear his intention to take the office in a different direction.”
2989	However, here is a log (converted to hex) of the serial communication.
2990	However, he saved himself by sending them after his future self.
2991	However, I’d be lying if I didn’t thoroughly express what an excellent product experience you’re getting with the new MacBook Pro.
2992	However, if a beta tries to completely change everything about your work you do not have to listen to that person.
2993	However, it could definitely be worth it if you can maximize the free nights at an expensive hotel.
2994	However, it does make it hard to cut through the noise and find the products that solve the specific development problems they are facing.
2995	However, I think that kids who like facts, especially facts about the ocean and sea shells, will enjoy it.
2996	“However I think this certain situation is so dire and has become so large, that probably some well-crafted regulation is necessary.”
2997	However, I wasn’t really comfortable wearing my natural hair out since the ends were still relaxed, but now I’m rocking it like no other!
2998	However, I will say that some wines are just simple.
2999	​However, Mills claims that manufacturing products with authentically natural ingredients will become more important as the certification process gains momentum.
3000	However, reaching this point isn’t easy.
3001	However, some household mold can actually be really dangerous.
3002	However, some payday loans Mississippi can be paid in six months, or even a year.
3003	However, such warnings are formalities and are heeded by many with the same degree of nonchalance as the SMOKING KILLS warning on a packet of cigarettes!
3004	However, the costs in Boston are almost as high as in New York.
3005	However, the differences between active treatments were not statistically significant.
3006	However, the Doctor implied that although it couldn't actually hurt the Silents it could weaken the power of their electricity, therefore allowing him to provide River with a certain degree of protection while she shot down their foes.
3007	However, the impressive figure was almost entirely the result of Uber ceding two of its operations abroad to rivals.
3008	However, the letters “oo” show where this creative side may be put to use.
3009	However, the negative responses are actually more helpful, and they reveal a lot about those who write them.
3010	“However, the process of transformation is challenging and it dominates the buy-side’s thinking.
3011	However, there is another, even more likely way that a North Korean nuclear weapon could explode in a U.S. city: Kim could sell one to terrorists.
3012	However, there’s no head-scratching setup routine or disappointing performance as is likely with most Wi-Fi extenders.
3013	However, the scratch on a platinum piece is merely a displacement of the metal and none of its volume is lost.
3014	However, the side stories add lightness.
3015	However, the uncertainties are high and lot more research needs to be done before we can be confident of the results.
3016	However, they have to be conservative here - a dying drive still showing 50% SSD life left would get them into troube.
3017	However, this story is going to work for some and not for others.
3018	However, this was relatively short-lived, with both companies achieving double-digit revenue growth in their Mexican operations in FY15 and FY16.
3019	However, unlike the other plugins, Reviewer ships with nine templates — each with a distinct style and layout.
3020	However, when run under the Mac, you'll probably have to complete a little more work.
3021	However, where it succeeds is in fleshing out a lot of those areas that felt imperfect at launch.
3022	However, with a cesarean delivery, damage can occur to the bladder in the course of the surgery.
3023	How frequently you wash your pet with flea shampoo will really depend on whether or not the infestation returns, your pet’s breed and age, and your vet’s recommendations.
3024	How great it was to wake up to a recipe from Xiao Bao Biscuit via Smitten Kitchen zinging right back to me in Charleston!
3025	How had I overlooked that?
3026	How has he changed since the beginning of the story?
3027	How has social media impacted your career in recent years?
3028	How important are the metrics tossed around in the video marketing industry?
3029	How internal culture can prevent a project management methodology from scaling A short while ago I was at a roundtable with two retailers, BooHoo.
3030	How in the heck had she seen that, anyway?
3031	How long could we have maintained that coalition of Arab states if we had been involved in the long-range occupation by the US in Iraq?
3032	How long do you backup websites for?
3033	How long is it gonna take?
3034	How long should email take to deliver?
3035	"How lucky was I that the very first comics that I got my hands on were made by titans of the comic book world."
3036	How many areas will you need to monitor?
3037	How many jobs will intelligent automation destroy or create?
3038	How many people suffered health effects from Chernobyl?
3039	How many would listen?
3040	How much asymmetric power do they have in those situations?
3041	How much of a system needs to be based on standards to be considered “standards based?”
3042	How much progress have I made?
3043	How these technologies stack up.
3044	How thick a shell can I build, so you can’t see me at all?
3045	How to balance current and future transit needs with the promise of new technology is an unenviable job.
3046	How to connect two points of the Board Shape with an angle of other than 45º?
3047	How to Find the Right One & Make It Last!
3048	How to get the SHA-1 fingerprint certificate in Android Studio for debug mode?
3049	How to quantum-entangle two or more particles in the above-mentioned apparatus.
3050	How to rescue my server - ScalewayIntroducing Scaleway NextGen NVMe Cloud Servers with Hot-Snapshots.
3051	How travel influences Breana’s perspective and positively impacts her business.
3052	How will Ericsson evolve in the future?
3053	How will my diagram look in the Google Doc/Sheet/Slide?
3054	How will organisational and cost structures evolve?
3055	How will the send your purchases to your hotel work without the plastic bags?
3056	How would you describe your approach to research?
3057	HP's new premium lineup includes various form factors that meet an individual's personal style and specific computing needs.
3058	HQL does not require any explicit joins when working with multiple tables.
3059	HTC’s latest is the best VR headset on the market by some measure.
3060	HTTP requests occur when a user visits a website and wants to see a particular page.
3061	HTTP requests to these servers might no longer successfully authenticate.
3062	Huck does a lot of climbing in this book but he doesn’t do a lot of eating because every time he gets close to flowers something happens to keep him from eating the flowers.
3063	Huge back yard.
3064	Hughes intended to enable himself or another person “to observe the genitals, buttocks or underwear of said pupils”.
3065	Humility, in the ethical sense, is freedom from pride or arrogance.
3066	H. was cooking dinner.
3067	Hypercalcemia, a condition that is characterized by the production of too much calcium, can increase the risk of deposits of calcium in the stroma, which can also lead to corneal degeneration.
3068	I accept that I'm attracted to women, but as a devout Catholic, I won't act on it.
3069	I accidentally used too much dill, and subbed seeded cucumber for celery (what I had on hand, and from the garden!
3070	I actually started my career as an editorial assistant working on the I Can Read line at HarperCollins.
3071	I added fresh corn in the last 5 minutes.
3072	I agree, I think state management is a key component what should be looked at.
3073	I agree, Paul, but I would argue that the paragraph beginning "Winter looms.
3074	I agree with Eric - your family will be talking about that visit for a LONG time.
3075	I agree with the fact that States should have Legislation about bullying becausee students shouldnt have to come to school scared and worrying about being bullied.
3076	I already mentioned nursing home stays as one of the common expenses covered by LTC insurance policies.
3077	I also care very deeply about health care, and wanting to make sure we’re all healthy.
3078	I also enjoyed -- more painfully -- I Wanna Be Your Joey Ramone.
3079	I also get to explain to the GM any mistakes I may have made in doing her job while she was away.
3080	I also like to read war books occasionally and figure it could be a good fit for my if I end up liking it.
3081	I also love the idea of Southern cooking, but I always forget that there’s very little I can eat because of the tendencies for things to be deep-fried, which some of you know by now I’m not a big fan of.
3082	I also sensed how disastrous it could be if the stories were sappy or smarmy or overwrought.
3083	I also want to reserve a website with my full name: Hien Kim Nguyen (this full name is a very common).
3084	I always appreciate your perspective on this blog because I read most of the comments and now I like you even more that you are a dad!
3085	I always have the best intentions of making myself some sort of celery and grapefruit juice for breakfast.
3086	I always heard back from them in a very timely manner.
3087	“I always like Björk.
3088	I am a big Sherlock Holmes fan and Conan Doyle is a personal hero of mine.
3089	I am able to run labs, but only saliva, stool and urine, not blood.
3090	I am a blooger and I suggested one of my client "seowebsiteindia" to create explainer video for their business and to be frank one of the team explainervideomakers(EVM) do such a good work to take seo to next level.
3091	I am also mindful that, in its original form, there was an Eleventh Commandment: “Feel free to break the rules.
3092	I am always on the hunt for scary tales which is why I was so intrigued by Patricia C. Mckissack's The Dark-Thirty: Southern tales of the supernatural, illustrated by Brian Pinkney, 1992.
3093	I am always reminded of what Van den Bruck wrote about the playwright Athol Fugard.
3094	I am definitely going to buy this and continue reading it.
3095	I am eager to read her autobiography “West with the Night”
3096	I am excited to take my experience back to my unit and share it with my soldiers."
3097	I am F, 30, and a digital artist, writer and RP'er.
3098	I am finding more and more food bloggers out there.
3099	I am forever wrestling with the questions that arise from this including the question of whether a brand that uses this data to perfect their formulations is somehow complicit in the animal testing being as though they then profit from it?
3100	I am in awe of everyone's generosity and big hearts and my heart is renewed with people in general.
3101	I am just so happy out there, digging, planting, raking.
3102	I am making latkes for a crowd in a few days.
3103	I am nervous but excited.
3104	I am new here but I think it boils down to a what ia better for the individual or the community.
3105	I am NOT extreme compared to many but I am largely primal.
3106	I am not really certain why; if one eats either Thai or Indian foods often, there are plenty of dishes that are called “curry” that are not soupy with gravy or sauce, but dry, with spices or spice pastes clinging to the main ingredients.
3107	I am passing on all of these awards to my readers.
3108	I am planning on freeing the tree of it’s overly weighted fruitfulness in a couple of days when the berries ripen.
3109	I am pretty sure everyone probably thought he was controlling me and I was OK with that because 1. He wasn’t and 2. People underestimated my ability to control myself.
3110	I am so excited to share all of these amazing handmade items that are sure to help you make your special day extra special for you.
3111	I am so fortunate to live near Vergennes Laundry, a little french meets rustic Vermont bakery, recently featured in Times mag and Food and Wine’s America’s Greatest New Cooks (http://tmagazine.
3112	I am so happy and jazzed you are back and wonderful times are ahead!
3113	I am so looking forward to this novel!
3114	I am so thrilled to be able to look back at the pictures and see not only the airlines that have meant so much to me, but our much more simple lives in Hialeah.
3115	I am so very sorry for your loss!
3116	I am starting it as soon as I can!
3117	I am sure you can get the hang of the Christmas cards!
3118	I am teary-eyed reading your thoughts on the past.
3119	I am the oldest of four, and yes, I think I'm a stereotypical oldest child.
3120	I am unaware if my Gulp JS install and current setup is creating issues.
3121	I am very proud of you, because I love to see Muslims in all types of genres – and twins!
3122	I am well versed in the Alexandra technique which is brilliant for voice.
3123	'I am willing to go to prison for privacy for us all'
3124	I am writing my first YA novel; extremely to succeed.
3125	I am younger however prefer older persons for a plethera of reasons, especially for overall interests.
3126	I arrived early but was out before my original appointment time which shocked me with the efficiency.
3127	I attempted to contact Nelson yesterday without success.
3128	I attended Salt this evening with my ladyfriend in celebration of my B-Day.
3129	I began to notice how mammals communicate with one another through the use of odorants.
3130	I believe the reason is because, subconsciously, readers are picking up on the fact that Holmes speaks, thinks, and observes in proper, Victorian, British English.
3131	I bet that my grandma secretly knows how to use a computer and reads your blog.
3132	I binge series, too ðŸ™‚
3133	IBM's DB2 database adds several powerful new tools in version 9 including native XML support and DB2 Developer Workbench, and offers serious competition to Oracle and Microsoft.
3134	IBM Security had previously it had entered into a definitive agreement to acquire Agile 3 Solutions.
3135	IBM stock can also claim dividend aristocrat status in three years — so IBM will likely keep increasing the dividend.
3136	I both want to work on the functionality, but I also really want to just finally try to get that right and be able to expand the context available from just the piece of content that you're viewing to something larger.
3137	I bought her book anyway, in spite of this troubling statement, but I’m wondering if she really knows what she’s talking about here, being a journalist, not a scientist.
3138	I call it the "intend to" pile.
3139	I came to this thing because I have a problem with commitment.
3140	I can get the same report for every file, including the page HTML itself.
3141	I can make a decent omelet, though it’s usually easier to just heat up a burrito in the microwave—two if Dad’s hungry.
3142	I cannot find soft black for at least a year in the drug stores.
3143	I cannot get my eyes off of these innovative masterpieces from Christian Grundâ€™s CARSCANS project!
3144	I can say no more without giving away essential mysteries.
3145	I can say that Gone Girl is an ingenious whodunit for both the Facebook generation and old-school mystery buffs.
3146	I can still hang out with and build relationships with friends – which is the part that I value – but without the long-term costs of the beer.
3147	"I can't believe he is upstairs!" exclaimed one of the women, referring to Ladd Drummond's unexpected arrival at the bakery on the Merc's second floor.
3148	“I can’t be the only mom who’s ever done that!”
3149	I can’t bring you back to life.
3150	I can't go out and just buy the simple readymade stuff.
3151	I can't help but make up words because I often mispronounce words!
3152	I can't recommend McGrath highly enough - he is a pleasure to read, is sensible and reasonable, and presents quite possibly the best publically available critique of Dawkins' predominantly straw man antitheistic arguments.
3153	I can't remember if I've read a romance that featured generations book to book - but I certainly enjoyed this one.
3154	I can’t tolerate overpowering scents and don’t want to be breathing this in all night.
3155	I can’t wait to spring this on them!
3156	I carried my biggest and most ridiculous-looking tennis bag and wore a pristine, white tennis outfit.
3157	ICICI has unified performance management, linked to business availability, for the infrastructure and the application workloads which run on this.
3158	I compared G9 and Em1ii, both take 50 shots, G9 needs DOUBLE time than Em1ii to complete writing.
3159	“I consider Adobe the end of my very long journey to find a creative and technologically advanced company.
3160	I cooked brown rice with my rice cooker before and the rice came out fine, but it made a big mess.
3161	I could be thrilled, intrigued, informed, entertained, sometimes bored, but there was always enough discovery at my fingertips to keep me coming back.
3162	I couldn't agree with you more about giving "The Hound of the Baskervilles" the number one position.
3163	I couldn't bear to return to them now--even for old time's sake--for fear they wouldn't live up to my fond memories of them.
3164	I couldn't imagine leading a double life like he does.
3165	I couldn’t sleep much except for an hour or two right after a pain pill.
3166	I could only get it to reliably stay online when it was plugged in.
3167	I could think of more things, but right here, this is what matters the most.
3168	I cried when Noah fought to get his brothers or when Echo struggled to remember what her mother did.
3169	I’d always loved cooking and picked up a lot from my mum.
3170	I’d ask Eric Asimov, who is the wine critic of The Times, what he’d suggest.
3171	I’d be pretty interested too.
3172	I'd be willing to pay extra postage.
3173	I’d create the featured image for the piece of content and use that to death.
3174	Ideal for a short drive with your sister.
3175	Ideally, any reward should also be unique to your list “ the only way to get at the reward is to join the list; your incentive shouldn’t be readily available otherwise.
3176	Ideally, you should be able to write, draw and mark-up with the pen everywhere.
3177	Idealstor comes from a low-cost backup background.
3178	I decided to return to Uganda in September.
3179	I decided to talk about that part in my process where the novelty and shininess has worn off, and I realize my outline is broken, and suddenly it feels like the story is crumbling in my hands, and what was I even thinking?
3180	Identify four types of surfaces.
3181	I’d go for the heavy cream every time.
3182	I did do some reasonably good > stationary camera medium sized "wall of fire" using a variant on the Isosurface > SOP fire tutorial once.
3183	I did not but have been charged this month.
3184	I did not realized that I should not have used the key until I uploaded the site and made it live.
3185	I did not want to let him go, yet I could hear my father’s laments and prayers even when I covered my ears with my hands.
3186	I didn’t register anything.
3187	I didn't tell him I was getting an award that night, and I didn't have time to ask him his story, to take me back to the little boy listening with such devotion to poetry somewhere else in the world.
3188	I didn’t (until I started writing this for you).
3189	I didn’t want to hurt myself.
3190	I did some digging and found that Warhol visited a single fair in his lifetime, Art Cologne (see you there next month).
3191	I'd like to do it again.
3192	I’d like to see Lois settle down, as she seems to be reluctantly doing, with Jasmine.
3193	I'd love a bookstore like that.
3194	I'd never done anything like it before."
3195	I do admit to enjoying Gregory quite a bit, although I haven’t loved her more recent novels as much.
3196	I do have a great Kitchen Parade recipe for gingerbread muffins that has far less fat.
3197	I do miss a few little things that other email senders have, but Nathan has said you guys are working on those.
3198	I do not feel like.
3199	I do not want mini teenagers,” one parent wrote on Instagram.
3200	I don't begrudge the police this heroic treatment -- though I would prefer, as I suspect they would, that they got the love in their pay-envelopes rather than from mass media.
3201	I don’t believe a female is ever hired a C.E.O., especially from the outside, for the reasons that she was the absolute number one pick.
3202	I don't care about project treble and I don't care about separating drivers from the os. It's irrelevant for my usage patterns, so I don't care if it happens or not.
3203	I don't care if he's a conservative; I still love Tom Wolfe.
3204	I don’t even know if the "are we prepared" headline is eve necessary.
3205	I don’t have an Elegant Themes account.
3206	I don’t have any other friends.
3207	I don’t have the answers to these questions, but I have every bit of news, trailers, and all the rest of io9's coverage of everything that happened during Comic-Con day…
3208	“I don’t know, because I don’t care.”
3209	I dont know how many people on here had the extreme problems you had.
3210	I don't know how you ladies do it.
3211	I don’t know if I can adequately describe how wonderful I think this book is.
3212	I don’t know if that’s the server’s fault though.
3213	I don't know what gargate is, though.
3214	I don’t know what they battle.
3215	I don't know where it goes.
3216	I don't know who the other reviewer was writing about, because the Drs. Smith and Millichamp that I know are very kind, courteous, and professional.
3217	I don't know why butever since you gave me your 2001 wedding card, and even after yourwedding came and was celebrated, I kept that card- the one you alltied with a beautiful burgundy-color ribbon.
3218	I don’t like being really bad at things.
3219	I don’t like what you say or anything about you.”
3220	I don’t mind the slightly shiny appearance since I don’t worry about my face being shiny when out in the sun.
3221	“I don’t see any dysfunction in our clubhouse.
3222	I don’t see a willingness/openness to listen and learn in your comments above, Alissa.
3223	I don’t speak Japanese so can’t advise, but when I was in Japan, I was amazed at what was available there in the department stores and specialty shops.
3224	I don’t think anyone should be skeptical about coming here.
3225	“I don’t think you and I,” she gestures to Morris, “would ever say that we’re the final word on an issue or topic or thing.
3226	I don’t want to have to remember to give them back.
3227	I dont want to leave his address on the wen for everyone to see.
3228	‘I don't worry about surveillance as much as I worry that chance encounters and serendipity may disappear.’
3229	I do see the nicely rendered shadows.
3230	I do, that is why I am expressing it in the comment section…you don’t have to reply to it.
3231	I do watch a few soaps, Home and Away and Neighbours (Aussie ones)are regulars and UK ones I dip in and out of are Eastenders, The Bill, Casualty, Holby City to name but a few.
3232	I downloaded Google Canary and tested our site.
3233	I do work with a publicist, PJ Nunn of BreakThrough Promotions, and she does these things.
3234	I'd packed only one book to be signed, a novelization of the movie "Supergirl" by Norma Fox Mazer (1984).
3235	I'd predict lots of four and five light ratings this time!
3236	I drank some tea.
3237	I’d rather buy local than organic (though local organic would be best) – after all, organic green beans flown in from Kenya are probably worse for the planet than non-organic local ones.
3238	I'd really like to know how to make the thin chewy looking cookies from your first picture.
3239	I’d recommend it to anyone looking for a fun middle grade read.
3240	I'd spent 5 days in New Orleans with the Sisters in Crime team attending the American Library Association conference (more about that soon).
3241	I earned my black belt, attended a math and science magnet school, became the editor of my high school newspaper.
3242	I eat Jerusalem artichokes all the time and fart like a madman.
3243	I emphasize that the memoir should not be a list of answers to the above questions.
3244	I encountered a very prominent and unexpected polarizing effect where the brightness of the sky varied dramatically across the wide-angle field of view.
3245	I ended up going through old articles and threads.
3246	I ended up having them be proven wrong in a number of ways about their assumptions about Egyptians, or about the way things work in Egypt, when these assumptions were undercut by events.
3247	I enjoyed reading the suspense, twists and turns in this story. i would have liked an update on the couple from the first one. and looking forward to more on Luther.
3248	I enjoyed the flashbacks to the past that made every thing clearer.
3249	I enjoy your blogs.
3250	I even remember eating tuna salad on a tortilla as a kid (eww, right?).
3251	I eventually earned a black belt in Judo from the man who had taught this technique to Terry, Harley “Swift Deer” Reagan.
3252	I experience rejection from them a lot, which sucks because I'm not even eligible for most books I want - so many are not available to Canadian readers.
3253	If 2007 is any indication, then 2008 is going to be a wild year for financial institutions facing a slew of risk management issues.
3254	If a car is parked in the sun on a hot summer day, its dashboard can hit 160 degrees in about an hour.
3255	If all goes smoothly, the first pure northern white rhino calf could be born via IVF within 3 years, he said.
3256	If all the sorting algorithms give you the same result, how do we know which ones are better?
3257	If 'anger' was the original reading, it must clearly mean that Jesus was indignant at the misery of the leper (so John 11:33-38), for Jesus willingly healed him.
3258	If an ISP decides to relegate all UDP/VoIP traffic to a low class of service, the impact could be explicit or random disruptions in the traffic flow and user experience.
3259	If an obscession with food makes one a foodie then I guess all those children with bloated stomachs and flies bussing in their eyes are foodies too.
3260	If an unexpected problem occurs but the team is working from home, make sure there is a way to quickly connect with everyone at once.
3261	If any guy wants a wife or girlfriend, he should go on a site that will only show women in his age range.
3262	If anyone out there knows a way to make automated Bingo boards with a selection of book covers, I'd love to hear about it!
3263	“If anyone’s looking at escaping the higher tax rate by going out to a farm facility, I’m not going to look kindly on that.
3264	If any provision of this agreement is found to be unlawful, void, or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision will be deemed severable from this agreement and will not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions.
3265	If anything, it will likely encourage him to take his sweet time in actually bringing you the bill.
3266	If a patient identifies themselves as transgender, we would typically ask whether they prefer feminine, masculine, or gender-neutral pronouns when meeting for the first time.
3267	If Apple was using off-the-shelf processors, we likely wouldn’t have Face ID, the iPhone X’s uniform slim-bezel design, or all-day battery life.
3268	If a San Francisco outreach worker on vacation in New York hadn’t taught me how to protect myself, I probably wouldn’t be here to write this story.
3269	If a server hosting a clustered resource -- which Microsoft refers to as a clustered role -- fails, then the workload can be seamlessly moved to another node within the cluster.
3270	If a state can be rewarded for disenfranchising the citizenry of this country and thumbing its nose at our sovereignty, then we have no nation at all.
3271	If auto-renew is enabled, we attempt to renew the domain starting 19 days prior to the expiration date.
3272	If continued on optimal T3/T4 therapy, many can avoid or discontinue antidepressants.
3273	If convicted of the tax evasion and bank fraud charges, Manafort, who is in his late 60s, could spend the remaining years of his life in prison.
3274	I feel like change is always scary, but that's only because transition for anyone is new and you wonder how things are going to go."
3275	I feel like I have really good ideas about how everyone should behave.
3276	I feel that in many ways, I've been largely defined by my age (if I had a nickle for everytime someone said "God, you look so young!" or "You're so with it/ mature for your age" I'd be very rich).
3277	"I feel that we're at different places in our lives right now" probably will not suffice.
3278	I felt particularly oppressed by aspirational clutter—things that I owned but only aspired to use: the glue gun I never mastered, mysteriously specific silver serving pieces untouched since our wedding, my beige pumps with superhigh heels.
3279	I felt terrible for Zorie and learning about her father.
3280	If everything looks foggy, even when it's sunny out, you may have cataracts.
3281	If he can spare a moment he will share his immense knowledge of the history of Donegal tweed and its background of rural tradition.
3282	"If he did — although I rule that out — it would be very serious."
3283	If He had not done anything impossible, this word would have had no value at all.
3284	If he’s not hard to stop, then he’s no test for the hero.
3285	“If hunting worked, we wouldn’t have a deer problem,” said Angi Metler, the director of the Animal Protection League of New Jersey.
3286	If I am writing I want to be writing a blog post.
3287	If I believed you, I would be less astonished and debilitated by these crimes than I am.
3288	I figured at the time that if an animal saw nice neat rows of things growing, they might come on up and start munching.
3289	I figured that because I’d struggled with infertility and was 43 years old at that point, I didn’t need to bother with contraception.
3290	If I had had it in the back of my mind that they were available, I would’ve been calling the anesthesiologist the second I waddled into that delivery room.
3291	If I had one I couldn’t use it right now :( Much prefer my arduino, not as powerful but choose where I want to play with it, not the company making it.
3292	If I had to choose a single reason why I believe picture books are important (But, good golly, who could possibly limit themselves to a single reason?
3293	If I'm not cooking I'm reading blogs or cookbooks, or writing my own, yep, addicted.
3294	I find Divi, missing some really useful functions which other builds are providing.
3295	I find it amusing that Amanda and Stephen have lasted this long.
3296	I find that I do almost as much research for an average short story as for an average novel, proportionally.
3297	I finished this book a year and a half ago, and it resonated with me so much that I’ve thought of it almost daily since.
3298	I first met Paul in Boston.
3299	If I stuck to our meal plan, I tell her, but if it was a day where all I ate was Doritos, I usually ask, “Can we do another day?”
3300	If it helps generate just ten orders, this action has a 3:1 return.
3301	If it is not transient, endoscopic treatment to stretch (dilate) the artificial sphincter usually will relieve the problem.
3302	If it makes you happy, go for it!
3303	If it really happened, they would have gone to the police right away," said one.
3304	If it’s been a while since you applied for your last credit card, you could be in for a shock the next time you start comparing APRs.
3305	If its important enough, they can also do it totally on their own, without help from anti-gun or anti-Trump groups that are using kids to push partisan agendas.
3306	If it’s not helpful, educational or funny, it might be best to skip it.
3307	If it was strange enough to freak out Einstein, it’s interesting enough for me.
3308	If it was told from his mother’s perspective?
3309	If it weren't for the Teflon, Obama would be in a tight race!
3310	If it were up to Nioma, rabbits and numerous other animals would be given their own islands to inhabit except for occasional culling expeditions, simply to see what adaptations they made.
3311	If I want to slosh a bit of cream in there to cool it off, hey, it’s (still) a free country.
3312	If I was sitting in Texas pining away for my old job, or if I was bored, or if I realized that I had made a mistake in coming here, I expect things would be different.
3313	“If June’s story is the story we tell, we’ve told it because it’s a story of hope.
3314	If just 1.8% of Britons voted differently, Brexit would now be a forgotten joke-word.
3315	If necessary, click Create a New Error Handling to create one.
3316	If necessary, knead the dough with your hands to make sure the flour is totally incorporated.
3317	If negotiating a service-level agreement (SLA), six months or more of discussions with the service provider, including the legal department, should be expected.
3318	If Nell were alive today, what books would she read for comfort, inspiration, and strength?
3319	I focused on two difficult doughs and attempted to conquer people's fears about them.
3320	If officials of these small towns conducted more thorough alternative analyses, Hidalgo said, some may have foreseen the benefits in investing the money used to build those one- or two-line subways into extensive BRT systems.
3321	I fondly recall a childhood spent enjoying such activities with my brothers in the snowy north of Canada.
3322	If one’s into adrenaline rushes and classic “Hazy” vibes, Outlaw is the ultimate strain.
3323	I found a great passionfruit curd recipe that I like.
3324	I found a new way to do this recently on the website or their free "Calm" app.
3325	I found that I wanted to do the same, consequences be damned.
3326	I found that there was some nice writing in it -- some good sentences, some cool ideas.
3327	I found them hard and tart eaten as are, but I'll try soaking them and baking something with them now!
3328	If Sevillanos can make crackers this good, I imagine everything else is fabulous.
3329	If she's recovering from surgery, keep her in a quiet, cozy room, so she can rest and mend without being disturbed.
3330	If she were not the daughter of John McCain and the spoiled brat daughter of a rich beer distributor heiress no one would bother with her.
3331	If so, could you explain the largest benefits to dropping a version from the min API version?
3332	If someone comes to the door, I will growl at them from my first floor window.
3333	"If someone interrupts your day to send a marketing message, it needs to deliver value.
3334	If something is not in line with what I’m about, then, yeah, I definitely need to take a stance in that respect.”
3335	If spending too much time in the sun gives you a case of sun poisoning, there are two things you should do right away: First and foremost, get out of the sun.
3336	If that should change my eyes are probably going to be too swollen to read, so how about you instead bring me a box of tissues and a nice cup of tea?
3337	If the camera does not work, the machine should be considered compromised.
3338	If the continuous integration server is set up to deploy builds, after they pass all tests, it will often rely on software deployment and configuration management tools.
3339	If the data stored in Big Data platforms differs from the ‘golden source’, or is stale, or doesn’t relate to the banks’ existing data, then it won’t be trusted and therefore won’t be used.
3340	If the fabric is available without any printed pattern, it’s possible to scan it and add the pattern afterward in Substance Designer.
3341	If the particles behaved differently, then it wouldn’t really be an exact twin.
3342	If the play rehabilitates any of the Brontë siblings, it is the one whose work has been least read – Anne (Anna in the play).
3343	If the prints had been a few hundred rather than a few thousand pounds I might have scraped together the money to buy one or two.
3344	If there is anything I can do, please let me know.
3345	If the rural recommendation is implemented, spending will increase by less than $50 million per year and access to EDs in rural areas will be preserved; some patients, however, may travel further for inpatient care.
3346	If the selected command is a list (such as the Font list), to open the list, press the Down Arrow key.
3347	If these observations favoring inflation hold up — a big “if,” of course — it will represent an enormous triumph for reasoning based on the search for naturalness in physical explanations.
3348	If the tools will be used by sales and marketing, those teams should have the skills and aptitude to dive deep into the system’s capabilities.
3349	If the user isn’t tipped off right after app installation, they’re less likely to attribute strange behavior to the true culprit.
3350	If they are not, Gatewood believes the organization should either move the data elsewhere or require an auditable change that meets its needs.
3351	If they’re already feeling down about money, it just takes them to bad place.
3352	If they've got a cross-cloud load, they should totally try it there and they can see how awesome it is to have their AWS and their GCP resources side by side in their dashboard.
3353	If they want to go – then they will find a way and honestly, it is the best gift you could ever give them.
3354	If those followers are visiting your site and giving you greater exposure online then your strategy is a success - regardless of the number of followers you have (and whether a competitor has more fans or followers than you).
3355	"If trout have difficulty recovering from a catch and are acting lethargic, it's probably time to call it quits for the day."
3356	If true, this would indeed have been scandalous but there was no evidence that it was true.
3357	If Trump announced he were going to spit-roast immigrant kids and eat them on national TV (apologies ), most Republicans probably would approve of that, too.
3358	If we can come, we'll bring something Spanish or unexpected or not.
3359	If we cannot travel down sidewalks or cross the streets safely, then we cannot do any of these things.
3360	If we're already going there, though, let's take it a step further: How would the Warriors fare against an all-time great team?
3361	If we're making, let's call it $85,000 a year, putting aside 20% as the experts tell you to annually.
3362	“If we see it being complementary to the things we’re doing at Apple Music or if we see it being something that’s innovative on our platform, we may help them and guide them and make suggestions.
3363	If we take a business analogy shareholders do not choose the chairman or chief executive of a large private company.
3364	If work can be broken into discrete areas we fan out to other tasks which run in parallel on separate App Engine instances.
3365	If working on challenging performance problems sounds exciting to you, apply to join our team in San Francisco, London, Austin or Champaign.
3366	If you access TheJobNetwork.com or any other U.S. based TheJobNetwork Site from outside of the United States, you do so at your own risk and are responsible for compliance with the laws of your jurisdiction.
3367	If you are attempting to day-trade the market (I know you are), Ross' coverage on TheStreet's homepage will be a must follow.
3368	If you are a WhatsApp user located in the United States or Canada, the "Special Arbitration Provision for United States or Canada Users" section below also applies to you.
3369	If you are breezing through edits at a much quicker pace, then you may want to give your audio a second pass. Audiobooks are lengthy productions, so it’s in your production’s best interests to be thorough.
3370	If you are interested in adding your own widgets, the Dreamweaver team released a that provides all of the details you need to get started.
3371	If you are looking for a magazine style theme for news websites, online magazines, blogs and other editorial related projects, MH Magazine Theme can be a great choice.
3372	If you are looking for a way to make more money while you are looking for a better paying job, check out the best apps to make money, listed below.
3373	If you are not assigned a ticket, there will be no charge.
3374	If you are overwhelmed by your and anticipate not being able to pay the minimum balances, you may consider credit counseling or a debt repayment plan.
3375	If you are wanting items like what you see here.
3376	If you ask a human, “Who are you?”
3377	If you believe there already is a product like this on the market then yes it can be done.
3378	If you buy AppleCare+, Apple's new iPhone Upgrade Program is a great dealThank you for reading AppleInsider!
3379	If you can homeschool with all the challenges you face, why can’t I?
3380	If you can manage another credit account or you have good credit, getting another card might be beneficial.
3381	If you cannot find lessons for a discipline of archery you wish to go into, consider choosing another discipline.
3382	If you can't find the setting and you're not sure whether your computer supports Bluetooth, follow the steps in to verify Bluetooth capability.
3383	If you can’t know how your own Facebook group works, how and why should anyone trust you with academic matters?
3384	If you checked the box to require TLS encryption in step 9 above, configure your on-premise mail server to point to smtp-relay.
3385	If you consistently blow bloody snot into your tissue or cough it up, that’s cause for concern and you should see a doctor, he says.
3386	If you could use some extra wiggle room in your budget, here are just a few ways to save money throughout the year.
3387	If you decide that Shared hosting is right for you, you’ll need to decide which type of shared hosting you want.
3388	“If you decide that your partner is the only one to make you happy, and you cannot live without them, then you probably will stay with them regardless of marrying or not,” Carver adds.
3389	If you decide to eat more frequently throughout the day, make sure that you keep your portion sizes small.
3390	If you decide to grow your career in Gdynia, you will join more than 1,400 colleagues from over 30 countries.
3391	If you decide to step inside Cardiff’s biggest and best shopping spot you’ll find over 100 stores, as well as restaurants, cafés and a cinema to keep you busy.
3392	If you demand the very best photos from your phone, you’ll be disappointed by the new Moto X. The shots I took over several days of use were average at best, and I was never once surprised by a photo that came out better than expected.
3393	If you didn't manage to join us for one of our live webinars in January and March, then you can find a recording of the On Device Guide to Digital Effectiveness below.
3394	If you’d like a recipe, I used this one from MIchael Chiarello in Napa Style.
3395	If you do know CSS, our tutorial for basic font and color changes is also a handy resource.
3396	If you do not validate your subscription within 14 days, you will be charged for your NOOK order by Barnes & Noble.
3397	If you don’t have these things, something is going to feel off.
3398	If you don’t mind me asking—what is it about Orpheus and Eurydice that draws your ire?
3399	If you don't take action on content in your spam queue, it is deleted after 30 days.
3400	If you do so, you could end up voiding the truss warranty.
3401	If you do, you should do it correctly – which is what we are going to talk about.
3402	If you dread moving your pets yourself, consider a pet transportation company.
3403	If you enjoy the process of designing and creating greeting cards, turn your hobby into a profitable business.
3404	If you forget your password, we will ask you for your ID and send you an email containing a link that will allow you to reset your password.
3405	If you have a free period or arrive at school early, ask them if there’s anything you can do around the classroom.
3406	If you have a heart attack and there’s a blockage that just happened a few minutes ago, and the doctor goes in and opens that blockage up, we’re talking about a tremendous improvement in mortality, one of the best things we do in medicine.
3407	If you have an audio-only reel such as a voiceover demo, we suggest creating a video clip that uses that reel as the associated audio, and an appropriate title or image as the video.
3408	If you have a Samsung device, you have to enable all the apps that the South Korean company put on your phone, especially because S Health is the core of everything fitness-related.
3409	If you haven’t been keeping up, we’ve been running polls each week for different award categories over the past month, leading up to the most recent Best Picture vote.
3410	If you haven’t discovered the place yet, it’s well worth a visit.
3411	If you haven’t played with YQL before, put down that Hot Pocket and head over the Yahoo Developer Network.
3412	If you haven't read it, I would highly recommend it.
3413	If you have oily skin, you still need to moisturize morning and night.
3414	If you have sent files to a client but have not received any confirmation of receipt or feedback, you need to follow up and get an indication of where they are at, and the project status.
3415	If you have type 2, especially when you're older, you're more likely to have a condition with some similar symptoms called HHNS (hyperosmolar hyperglycemic nonketotic syndrome).
3416	If you hear like, "This is how Google works blah, blah, blah, and then here's how we do our secret optimization techniques.
3417	If you implement the first and return a path, we will then call you back for the second at which point you will need to provide a UI BezierPath to use for the collision bounds.
3418	If you just want to run unit tests for your Mac app, for example, this doesn't help.
3419	If you like straight talk about marriage, this book is for you!
3420	If you like the books of James Patterson, you might like this, the third in the series of books featuring Jefferson Winter.
3421	If you look at all of Dan Patrick’s Sunday tweets with Bible quotes, I noticed they come with the tag line, “Have a Blessed Sunday.”
3422	If you look closely, you can find some little kitties hidden within them.
3423	If you manage to use one or more letters in both vertical and horizontal fashion in a single turn, you get a bonus for that letter or letters -- and that's the key to getting as high a final score as possible.
3424	If you must evacuate, take your pets with you, if practical.
3425	If you must read a book about Viet Nam try : "Up Country" by Nelson DeMille a very fine book that not only had an engaging story line but clearly made every attempt to make sense out of chaos.
3426	If you or someone you know is addicted to Opana, you may notice the signs of an opioid use disorder listed above.
3427	If you own a copy of this book then you are authorized to use BarCodeKit code and derivatives in your shipping app store apps.
3428	If you own a website and accidentally fall victim to a phishing scam, it’s okay to be worried.
3429	If you plan to finally start that small business …
3430	If you post an for a recurring event in newer versions, you should expect the string identifier to remain intact.
3431	If your A/v doesn't trigger, I would Seriously think about an A/v change.
3432	If your consumption of healthy fats is low, you may want to add healthy fats to your diet.
3433	If your credit is really bad, no company will offer you a loan.
3434	If your DR plan is based on a clear set of data classifications, service-level objectives, and appropriate levels of protection and replication for each class, you're among the fortunate few.
3435	"If you're a large manufacturer of network equipment, and you have sales people out trying to sell these large systems, invariably what happens is the sales people are asked, 'Can you get the order to me by this date?'
3436	If you’re at all like me, you’ll pick up your phone or walk to the kitchen before your show returns.
3437	If you're curious about live whiteboard visualizations, ImageThink posted a great set of links on their blog that I highly recommend.
3438	If you’re going outside, ensure that you’re wearing to protect skin because the acids can increase sensitivity.
3439	If you're having issues with making the speakers louder,We would like to work with you directly to help you with your issue.
3440	If you're in McMurdo over New Year's Eve, you to go to IceStock," LaRue says.
3441	If you’re interested in learning more about this approach, checkout this site from GitHub’s Jessica Lord: http://jlord.
3442	If you’re interested in the life and creations of Brunel, you may be interested in visiting his – the passenger steamboat that changed the world.
3443	If you're like us, you probably lose your rings pretty often.
3444	If you're looking for a little collection of wisdom and artwork, you might want to pick up Dog Sayings: Wit & Wisdom From Man's Best Friend.
3445	If you're looking for almost guaranteed summer sun, you can't do much better than Zante.
3446	If you’re new to the blog, Welcome!
3447	If you’re not quite sure what Reiken is doing here, it can be a little scary, because you’re wondering when these characters are going to reappear, how he’s going to pull everything together.
3448	If you're not running Kubernetes and you want to constrain the range of IPs that you're exposing your service to, you can use G Cloud compute firewall rules and do exactly the same.
3449	If you’re not sure, consider whether you have a craving (a sign of emotional hunger).
3450	If you're only using face wipes to cleanse, you're doing it all wrong.
3451	If you’re still stuck for storage space in here, you might want to seriously consider one of those chiller cabinets they have in the supermarkets.
3452	If you're the person in your relationship who likes to party, be wary of spending the majority of your time under the influence.
3453	If you’re using a blow dryer the high heat can cause damage.
3454	If your fabric is heavy and doesn't have the tendency to shift around while you work on it, this may not be needed.
3455	If your family or your business spends a lot every year at Costco, the ability to earn 2% back on all purchases year-round is a great one.
3456	If your first sexual encounter happened after you crossed 30, you belong to a small minority in India.
3457	If your game supports pausing gameplay, you should automatically pause the game on focus loss, as the user would have lost the ability to control the game for some period of time.
3458	If your novel's story arc last about three months, and you spend the first 8 chapters on 2 days of real time, you need to work on the pacing.
3459	If your profiler output looks like ours did (in the image earlier in this post), use the “Heavy (Bottom-Up)” view and sort by total time.
3460	If your shoes are washable, throw them in the washing machine!
3461	If your vision for your story isn’t clear then work on more drafts before sharing it with others.
3462	If you see that CPU or memory usage on one tier is very high, you can resize the server on that tier alone.
3463	If you spend $500 within the first 90 days of opening the account, you will earn a $200 cash back bonus.
3464	If you start small enough, yet dream big enough, you just might be able to convince strangers to help you on your journey.
3465	If you talk to Sima and Chris, tell them about the performance."
3466	If you tend to feel anxious or have a personal history of depression or anxiety, this information may be more likely to be upsetting.
3467	“If you try to influence witnesses, obstruct efforts with regard to that investigation, it’s a much clearer shot for the southern district to allege something like obstruction.”
3468	If you use a VM, it's a lot less likely you'll screw up your system!
3469	If you’ve borrowed against the equity in your home, it’s going to cost you more to pay it off.
3470	If you’ve made yourself a home in the Ultimate Rewards ecosystem, the sign-up bonus is hard to pass up.
3471	If you want a fuller, layered-look of fabric that creates a more dramatic window treatment, consider purchasing a double rod.
3472	If you want a higher capacity SSD in your computer down the road for now it looks like you have to pay Apple for the parts and the service.
3473	If you want a little quiet time to read or get in some exercise, Club 98 and the garden pool areas are the least busy (the Club 98 is especially good for daytime lap swimming).
3474	If you want in on the Turtle Beach wireless headset game but aren't ready to splurge on lots of features, check out the Stealth 600.
3475	If you want see some code, we built an example project showcasing some of the feature of Algolia and Laravel Scout: https://github.
3476	If you want, send the link to the book you are requesting rather than typing out this information.
3477	If you want to be one of the first people in the world with the latest OnePlus device, check out the full list of cities at the links below.
3478	If you want to create an Account and associate it with an existing contact, just click into their name.
3479	If you want to get to know more of the country in a more economical way, you can work in a hostel for accommodation and invest in traveling to cheaper places in the area.
3480	If you want to go on a smoothie kick, I would try this product.
3481	If you want to maintain your standard of living after retirement, you should think about your old-age pension in time.
3482	If you want to permit non-master policy files at a predetermined set of locations, for example any file with the name crossdomain.
3483	If you want, you can spice up the soup with a squirt of red chili sauce from bottles on the table.
3484	If you were so inclined you could download the source code, read over it, and even host your own personal Tinderizer system on your private server to maintain total control over the system.
3485	If you win, we process a change of registrant and move the domain name into your account within 45 days.
3486	If you wish another beautiful Southern California book -containing more than 80 large gravure photographs, send 4 cents to cover mailing cost.
3487	If you wish, you can sauté the onion and carrots in some oil - this enhances the flavour.
3488	If you would like to check out some of my work, I'll link my profile below.
3489	I get a question almost at every party where, “I heard this, and I saw this in the press, what does it mean?”
3490	“I get a thrill out of it.
3491	I get the feeling this was released early, unfinished and unoptimised, in a panicked response to the gargantuan release of 3D content by Unreal Engine, from the shuttered Paragon game.
3492	I give you personal instruction and everyone learns better and safer knife skills.
3493	I go from client to client with no breaks.
3494	I go to the O365 web page and see my O365 account.
3495	I got out of a relationship in 2000 but was emotionally detached from it for two years prior.
3496	I got to listen to what customers said, and then I got to compare that with what they spent their money on.
3497	I go way back to Old Yeller – an honor book.
3498	I grew up onm white eggs, but now I live in Europe where they only have Brown eggs.
3499	I grew up on S.E. 2nd Place.
3500	I grind wheat at home, so I can choose the flour I use precisely.
3501	I grow more cynical each and every year — and with good reason.
3502	I guess the best I can hope for is that those damn kids stay off my lawn.
3503	I had been researching air fryers and like it was meant to be I received an email about this air fryer being the Today's Special Value.
3504	I had been studying game-changers for a long time and never realized it.
3505	I had bought a Keep Calm & Carry On poster on craigslist, and because I was at the time working in print production at an ad agency, I knew the print quality and colors could be much improved upon.
3506	I had hoped the SIM card would work with my unlocked iPhone but it didn't, so I had to purchase a cheap Nokia phone to get it working.
3507	I had IUI on Saturday and this TWW is going to be killer.
3508	I had just broken up with one girlfriend, whom in the beginning I loved madly, and in the end disdained, only to replace her with another girlfriend I also started off loving madly.
3509	I had mine at 10am and again at 10pm for 5 days.
3510	I had my doubts but watching her grow was lovely and then she made it up by having macarons.
3511	I had no idea how impressive it would be.
3512	I hadn’t kept up with Nicholas Hoult’s career so I thought, “Who this guy?
3513	I hadn’t opened any doors, period.
3514	I hadn’t read the book before.
3515	I hadn't seen his work.
3516	I had originally scribbled down “Braconner Bakiska,” since I was more interested in a phonetic Tuckerism than one based on spelling.
3517	I had the idea to make my twitter header banner dynamically change every so often using an automatic script.
3518	I had to know what would happen!
3519	I had to reevaluate everything I'd ever thought about this movie and acknowledge that my weirdo friends were probably right, it's an Art Film Masterpiece.
3520	I have a 86 Chevrolet C30 dually truck.
3521	I have a BankOne Visa card that I use for Sells Brothers, Inc. as a charge card for expenses like computer equipment, technical book purchases and strip clubs (you know -- business expenses : ).
3522	I have a dear, dear friend, who I refer to as the Ombudsman.
3523	I have always loved writing, but I only thought about trying to write for children after I went to enroll for an adult education class in French!
3524	I have a question and an additional item.
3525	I have a set of RHEL 7.3 boxes and only need CE as this is for a development environment.
3526	I have a vague project in mind for the bookmarks (which are currently stored in a box).
3527	I have been cooking this dish on and off for almost 20 years, and I am still in love with it.
3528	I have been doing a lot of thinking lately about the way that new tools are changing the Writing Workshop.
3529	I have been recently working through the volume edited by Beverley Gaventa (Princeton) and Richard Hays (Duke), entitled "Seeking the Identity of Jesus: A Pilgrimage" (Eerdmans 2008).
3530	I have been trying to lose weight for a couple months now so this came at the perfect time.
3531	I have been wanting to do that for ages!
3532	I have catered several weddings for friends but only once tried to make the cake also.
3533	I have done all of the wrong things to reverse the stains on my marble steps, left behind by a nearby brick cleaning.
3534	I have finally figured out how this stuff works and each morning I weigh, I see the number going down (little by little).
3535	I have followed your instructions step by step, success.
3536	I have found raw paleo the best.
3537	I have fucked alot of men and I like to fuck.
3538	I have great respect for Saima Wahab and all that she has accomplished in terms of reaching her dreams.
3539	I have just started to take singing lessons.
3540	I have listened to Vivaldi while driving through the Dakotas, and he does indeed sound at home there.
3541	I have made the cake with ordinary red grapes and it turned out ok but not as nice though.
3542	I have mixed feelings about Does My Head Look Big In This?
3543	I have never loved a dog as much as him.
3544	I have never made buttercream frosting before but I would imagine to just add mint extract to it?
3545	I haven't been able to dedicate much time to my blog lately as I've been focused on spending every moment with family.
3546	I haven’t reproduced yet, but it definitely sounds like something is wrong.
3547	I haven’t said much about those mysteries and horrors because part of the fun of is encountering them for yourself and trying to figure out what exactly is going on.
3548	I have one about -- let's see -- Chris.
3549	I have one who has never been a sleeper, and it makes me tired and grumpy during the day.
3550	I have only found one place that simmers theirs only who’s meatballs I enjoy (in actuality I don’t order them out anymore except at said place because I am always so dissapointed).
3551	I have purchased these power supplies (http://www.
3552	"I have to ask," Ringwald said, "what did your husband think of that?"
3553	“I have to say I have never been derailed, resisted or pushed - well I’m sure I’ve been pushed in directions that were untrue, but that’s something every person looking into this stuff has to deal with - but I’ve never been resisted with any of this.
3554	I have two boys.
3555	I have used Mr. Felty's plumbing services on numereous occasions over the past couple of years and he has always provided exceptional, friendly, and quick plumbing service.
3556	I have used the pressure cooker successfully.
3557	I have way more of a fear that I’ll just run out of time and never get to all the books I want to read.
3558	I have yet to hear a testimony of someone converted from reading a comment on a blog, though.
3559	I have yet to wash them but so far the feel and light compression is much better than Nikes version.
3560	I heard thunder in the distance, or something else.
3561	I hear it mainly from guys who have trouble socializing “naturally,” so they turn to systems and methods that change dating into a scientific experiment.
3562	I help my mother financially and keep tabs on her mental health; the fear of losing health insurance hung over our heads every day.
3563	I hope he does join in.
3564	I hope his actions from now on show true difference from the Bush administration and he didn’t trick us all.
3565	I hope my stories are half as good as her biscuits.
3566	I hope that these calls will serve as a first-hand guide for everyone to learn more about social engineering.
3567	I hope the admin panel has that option.
3568	I hope you are having a fun filled Friday.
3569	I hope you find time to blog infrequently!
3570	I hope you get a chance to read it!
3571	I hope you had a fantastic trip!
3572	I indulged in an array of finger sandwiches and sweet pastries while sipping champagne and then Reid’s own brand of tea.
3573	I indulge in both myself.
3574	I introduced myself to a Swedish man who looked extremely lonely & uncomfortable.
3575	I just catalogued nearly 50 souffles (and wouldn't be surprised if a few more entries appeared in my mailbox), and I'll do what I can to publish the IMBB 20 write-up as quickly as possible.
3576	I just could not get into the characters or the storyline very much.
3577	I just discovered your blog and am especially drawn to it since I just returned from a vacation to Madrid.
3578	I just finished "Isle of Palms" by Dorothea Benton Frank (which was really good) and started "The Saving Graces" by Patricia Gaffney.
3579	I just finished The Lost by Vicki Pettersson about a man trying to solve the mystery of his own death 50 years after it happened with the help of a rockabilly girl whose life he saved.
3580	I just heard from Wendell, who truly appreciated everyone’s kind words and birthday wishes.
3581	I just keep planting!
3582	I just made a bazillion boneless chicken thighs for a party; we dry rubbed the meat before smoking it and then brushed it with some peach and bourbon bbq sauce to finish it.
3583	I just made that!"
3584	I just need to remember that it is okay to slow down too and savor those moments when reading books like that.
3585	I just noticed that the window title bar is huge in Radiance than in Ambiance.
3586	I just recently rediscovered a box of old books hiding in my great aunts attic, and was very happy to discover the Tripods trilogy and The sword of the spirits trilogy.
3587	I just saw your <1200 bucks list for 2017.
3588	I kept my Bip on the latter setting, and I took random heart rate readings during the day by going to the status page on the watch itself.
3589	I kill a bit of time waiting for dinner, to read some news via the in-flight wifi.
3590	I knew a food commodities broker that was on holiday on a yacht off the shores of Bali on a surfing excursion with some friends when 9/11 occurred.
3591	“I knew and loved Sammy dearly.”
3592	I knew I could defend well in the braking sections and I was able to manage the race to the end.
3593	I knew I had a great character and wanted to write her story.
3594	I knew it was horror when I started reading it but I really didn't expect much from it since horror is usually toned down for YA.
3595	I knew that the fat would come off as the baby got bigger and nursed more.
3596	I know how lucky I am to be able to work towards this goal and be able to throw my whole self into it.
3597	I know I interviewed you a couple of times…
3598	I know, I know, the stereotype is that men don’t care to hear what women say.
3599	I know in the past router manufacturers have been horrible at providing firmware updates, but that seems to have changed in recent years.
3600	I know it’s adapted from Marcela Hazan, but I would never have known about it if not for you.
3601	I know it's been a while since the last post, but I have been SO busy, I just couldn't get a post off.
3602	I know it sounds ‘cool’ to say that you don’t believe in labels, but I honestly don’t and never have.
3603	I know that its software ties together tons of services I actually use in a seamless way.
3604	I know things have been quite here for a few weeks, but everything all hit at once; the final assessment for uni, getting ill, birthdays, and working.
3605	I know this mentality well not only from a lifetime’s cultural exposure, but also from working as the only woman on a team writing history.
3606	I know you're looking in a lot of different directions, but this is T Mike McGlinchey's first padded practice.
3607	I learn that you don’t make any important decisions during (new relationship energy) and that (taking joy in your partner’s joy) is the opposite of jealousy, but that both can exist simultaneously.
3608	I leave the cyclopic Amazon Echo Look on a shelf in my living room, where it glares at me every time I walk past, not stopping for it to evaluate my outfit.
3609	I left at lunchtime, and picked up Kaye so we could go to our 1920s photoshoot.
3610	I lend someone something very precious but they are careless and break it.
3611	I like black tea the most, usually with strawberry or chocolate or other spice additions to change the flavor.
3612	I liked revisiting old favorite characters.
3613	I like flavoring it with cordial, and usually go for elderflower or the classic Ribena.
3614	I like GreenSock, so I use it a lot.
3615	I like the Laura Mercier TM because of its consistency and the coverage.
3616	I like this board a lot but there are some serious flaws.
3617	I like to add some sauteed mushrooms into the slaw situation because I’m obsessed with mushrooms and I think basically everything in life (minus dessert) can benefit with some seriously caramlized ‘shroom goodness.
3618	I, like Zack, turn to a jar of peanut butter when stressed.
3619	I listened to the audio, which actually turned out well for me because I couldn’t rush and I had to pay attention to ALL the parts.
3620	I live in Leeds and I'm finding very hard to find my local cafs.
3621	I live in SF now, and I wanted to capture some of that feeling of what it's like to be here now (and to be male and in one's thirties).
3622	I live in Tennessee now, and even if I could find a Titans fan, almost no one even considers you enough of a threat to engage in some good, old fashioned shit-talking.
3623	I’ll dig up the reference.
3624	I’ll do my best to address them in a later post.
3625	I’ll have a male and female, they will not know that they’re both AIs, I’ll have them meet each other, they will fall in love, they will consummate, and they will have a child.”
3626	I’ll have to start out by saying that archaeology is not the way to find out; that it has very little to say” (57).
3627	I’ll keep investigating that.
3628	I’ll let karma handle all that.
3629	I’ll let you know if I overcome my fear on Instagram.
3630	I’ll never forget the first time I ripped someone’s spine out playing Mortal Kombat.
3631	I’ll outsource my answer to Facebook, which yields a funnier, sadder and more human response than I could.
3632	I'll pick five names from everyone who participates and post them here on the blog by noon EST on Thursday, April 6, 2006.
3633	I’ll sleep easier tonight… not afraid of the food lurking in my kitchen.
3634	I'll stay at school for a million gazillion years with my Emily right on my lap."
3635	I'll stick with my 50 dollar vacuum cleaner and spend the rest of the money on anything else.
3636	Illustrated by long-time collaborator Nick Sharratt, is set to reveal all.
3637	I looked at my beautiful Empire Red KA Mixer ~ yes I love it, but I don't use it EVERY day.
3638	I looked into a health or life insurance policy with Vitality.
3639	I look forward to reading more from this author in the future!
3640	I look forward to seeing more about you and going to Aveda to buy something in your honor.
3641	“I lost a lot of motivation during the time I wasn’t in school; I was alone so much and not interacting with people,” says Lerner.
3642	I lost three times but I came out of that a much mentally stronger person and started tackling other things which seemed “impossible” beforehand.
3643	I loved Ina May’s story—a hippie living on a caravan of school buses, who learned to be a midwife by delivering other hippies’ babies on those school buses.
3644	I loved Mary Jo’s review, too.
3645	I love fall, but am not a fan of Halloween.
3646	I love it all, and it came very naturally to me.
3647	I love Norway and I am eternally grateful to the Norwegian nation.
3648	I love riding my bike with the wind at my back and feeling strong and sleek and powerful.
3649	I love saving through Ebates and finding a great deal from Fossil makes it even.
3650	I love that this cookbook is arranged not by chapters but by menus.
3651	I love the Asparagus and Red Pepper combination for your Frittata, it looks delicious.
3652	I love the biggest hob for stir-fry, I've used it as a 'heater' once, but the gas man said it was illegal!
3653	I love the microbrews they carry, oval-shaped maytag burger and mini shopping cart of fries.
3654	I love the variety of topics you choose to explore.
3655	I LOVE this dish--and I am sure you know why--vegan and pressure cooker: two of my favorite things!
3656	I love this program because it is 2 hours of hands-on RA training and the set up we have will be fantastic.
3657	I love walnuts, and your version looks delicious!
3658	“I love you, and you're great, but I need more time!”
3659	I LOVE your honest writing style.
3660	I'm 12 years old and sometimes I get small painless pimples on my nose.
3661	I’m 59, and after a lifetime of junk and bad eating, now gerd, I have changed my eating.
3662	“I made a bad choice.
3663	I made a beetroot and seed cake using plum seed oil last weekend which has a strong almond aroma (benzaldehyde to sceince geek like myself) without a overpowering almond taste.
3664	I made a couple tweaks to Sante's version of hermit cookies using the ingredients in my own pantry.
3665	I made this in my Instapot and it turned out well.
3666	“I’m a friend of Dr. Relf,” said the man.
3667	Imagine a five-foot-two-inch-tall woman riding a Harley eight times across the continental United States.
3668	Imagine getting to live this long and have this much fun."
3669	Imagine if a Dell Precision T1600 and Fatality Game Boy X-Destroyer Signature Extreme Mid-Tower had a baby.
3670	Imagine if you could perform all your compliance checks on one platform.
3671	Imagining a center line might be difficult, so if necessary, you can place a disposable coffee stirrer or thin pencil across the horizontal center of one eye.
3672	I make lists for the grocery store and fill out deposit slips for the bank.
3673	I'm a little ways away, but there's no pain, there's no swelling, there's nothing I'm concerned about.
3674	I’m all about taking a consultative approach to selling – you must ride the foundation of expertise to guide the buyer step-by-step on how you can specifically help them.
3675	I'm also commenting because you and Jay touched upon a topic that I want to write about once I have my own site up and running in a few weeks.
3676	I’m also growing Bermuda grass for them.
3677	I'm also regularly seduced by cooking magazines.
3678	I managed to pump for a full year though.
3679	I'm a new visitor to Huaihua city.
3680	I’m as guilty of this as anyone; it’s just a way that we make meaning during the reading process.
3681	I'm at a point right now where I'm trying not to let the despair take over but it's hard.
3682	I'm basing the only knowledge that I have around this article: http://toncar.
3683	I'm certainly not ruling out the use of stored procedures, but to with procs?
3684	“I’m Chris Rock, not Chris Brown,” he quips when talking about having to show a judge proof that his children would be taken care of in his home.
3685	“I’m coming to stay with my grandparents for a while.”
3686	I’m considering doing something similar again.
3687	I'm constantly entertained by my thoughts.
3688	I'm curious to know if you have any information about your planned integration with Quickbooks?
3689	I'm cutting way back on the books I've been accepting.
3690	I'm done my daily scheduled work, so when I finish writing this, I'll head out to the garage and do a little painting.
3691	I mean, actually survived as an inventor.
3692	I mean come on for the cost of a meal you are set up.
3693	I mean, I knew they were going to, but I really had no idea.
3694	I meant the DHFR.
3695	I meant to do even more posts, but I've been down for the count with a horrible cold that felt like a combination of rhinovirus and chik.
3696	I mean, we’re shooting a clip, and then whining starts in the next room.
3697	I'm embarrassed to say I've never heard of any of those books!
3698	I mentioned above that my favorite character was Dara.
3699	"I met Neil Gaiman and Hayley Campbell at the same party, at the same moment.
3700	I'm even fine with signing on to the app.
3701	I’m excited to share my Brazilian brother Almir Santos’ recipe here – he’s a wonderful man, a fantastic cook, and I’ve had the pleasure of working with him since I was twenty years old.
3702	I'm excited to think about a future where data-driven decisions become more and more commonplace all around the world.
3703	I’m getting my GED next week.
3704	I’m giving birth any day now (I’m due on January 9th) so here’s hoping that things go smoothly.
3705	I'm glad I didn't go there.'
3706	I'm glad it lived up to expectations!
3707	I'm glad to hear that.
3708	I’m going to bake a batch for my office holiday party.
3709	I'm going to give you a quick visual example of what building a simple R-tree looks like.
3710	“I’m going to warn you that it’s a little cliché,” Kelli said.
3711	I’m grateful that my son who has always been homeschooled has many different people in his life who teach him many things.
3712	I'm happy to report that I was wrong on both counts.
3713	I’m hoping this profile introduces new audiences to Andy Kaufman and his stand-up; I know I’ll talk it up to our teens once I get our library’s copy.
3714	I might pre-cook them for a half hour next time, or just order some farro!
3715	I’m in Georgia and they just stared weighing some products by the lbs.
3716	I'm inside by the heater, taking photographs.
3717	I'm in the kitchen, doing production alongside them, every day.
3718	I’m in the launch month for the new Aphrodisia line.
3719	I’m just afraid of losing all those discs.
3720	I’m just trying to figure out if the plant is harmful to my tomatoes or if it’s poisonous.
3721	I'm knitting right along with you.
3722	I'm looking forwards to this Friday's selection!
3723	I'm looking forward to playing all the other levels in this thread.
3724	I'm looking forward to your future posts.
3725	I’m lost, my new nano sim card is too big for the tray.
3726	I'm lucky that I've been loved by so many people - friends, family, furry family.
3727	I’m not a visual person at all, so like you, I don’t picture character’s faces.
3728	I'm not fond of the bubble gum on the cover-- it would have been fairly new at this time period.
3729	I'm not officially working on a short-story collection, but I continue to write short fiction.
3730	I’m not sure where Parker picked that up, but think there’s a character in one of his favorite shows (my guess is Mr. Sabatini, from Bob the Builder), but the next thing I know, the hubby exclaims “Hey Parker, did you know there’s a “Mama Mia” song?
3731	I’m not the most stunning girl on the block, but that hasn’t stopped rappers from throwing money at me in the past, Paris Hilton’s Uncle paying for my dinner, etc.
3732	I’m not vulnerable.”
3733	I’m not your property.
3734	I mourn for all the readers who find this book that way.
3735	I moved it around several times folding and unfolding to make sure how it was going to be to move if I wanted to take it with me.
3736	Impassioned jams that filled our need.
3737	I’m paying homage to my childhood exposure.
3738	I’m personally a long time fan of coffeescript.
3739	Impersonating a US citizen to interfere in elections is a crime in the US, irrespective of the country where it takes place.
3740	Implementing collectionHQ offered a comprehensive tool to budget and select new titles, opening the team’s eyes to the possibilities of big data.
3741	Implementing their feedback gives new team members ownership over the training process and demonstrates that their input is valuable for the overall success of the company.
3742	Implement your tech hiring strategy plan.
3743	I'm positive this is experienced only in OBS and w/ no other audio recording software.
3744	Impossible to choose, I want to keep them all!
3745	Improve Digital, Europeâ€™s Sell Side Platform (SSP), is launching its 360Yield platform.
3746	I’m putting my money down for this.
3747	I'm reading "When You Were Older" by Catherine Ryan Hyde, and so far I'm enjoying it.
3748	I’m really not sure how or when he does start to suspect there’s something sexual or romantic going on between them, though.
3749	I’m reminded of Cuba, where many have been arrested on the charge of “pre-criminal social dangerousness.”
3750	I’m seeing it catch on more here, and the Samsung option is a very good one.
3751	“I’m seeing someone behind you.
3752	I'm sitting here with the developer.
3753	I’m so inspired.
3754	I'm somewhere early in the third spreadsheet.
3755	I’m sorry to have exacerbated your starving state, but I hope you find something tasty at the store ðŸ™‚ Thanks again for the visit.
3756	I’m starting to see more and more QR Codes placed in BCs, but they’re also popping up in mini-
3757	I'm still trying to get her to write a review for me.
3758	I'm sure everyone will be in favor of it.
3759	I'm sure many of us are doing what we can, which sometimes amounts to little more than saying, "Here, read this awesome book, then visit Robb's website!"
3760	I'm sure the Jalapeno you can do.
3761	I'm sure there are 100s of variations on this, but have you ever tried it this way?
3762	I’m terrified, exhausted and freezing cold but I wouldn’t want to be anywhere else.”
3763	I'm THAT "spoiled" by your quality and prices and personal service.
3764	“I’m too busy to bake all these cookies!”
3765	I’m trying to be positive.
3766	“I’m trying to make the best of my situation, and each day I’m progressing—for…
3767	I'm trying to walk like a lady, but it is hard when there's a double wide trailer parked between my legs and I feel like I'm still expelling afterbirth.
3768	I must drown Delilah's harsh criticism with positive edification.
3769	I must have cooked the thuvar dal with the intention of making something using it, forgot about it and decided to make kara kuzhambu instead.
3770	I’m very happy to be here!
3771	I’m very happy to have a notification that “X will remember that” because it matters to me.
3772	I'm very skeptical of the argument that an act of war should be defined differently for the cyber domain."
3773	I’m wondering what chocolate molds you used?
3774	I'm wrong and I have to fix it.
3775	In 1819 he was elected superintendent of the Jewish school in Prague, and shortly afterward was made one of the board of directors of the Jewish community.
3776	In 1825 Owen began an even more ambitious project to test his ideas, this time in New Harmony Indiana.
3777	In 1851, two years after her successful escape, she was back at Maryland only to find out that her husband had taken another wife instead.
3778	In 1878, Dr. John Harvey Kellogg visited Our Home On The Hillside to learn about Jackson’s prescription for health and wellness.
3779	In 1962, diet beverages accounted for less than 3 percent of all soft drinks sold, but that same year, internal studies conducted by Coke showed that up to 28 percent of consumers were interested in a low-calorie product.
3780	In 1965 one of the first men’s grooming brands launched a single, innovative product: Super Shape—a men’s skin conditioner that was formulated to help protect a man's skin from the sun and the sea.
3781	In 1997, AccuWeather introduced WeatherPager®, an alert service issued to pagers.
3782	In 2003, Erik was named to the Novell Worldwide Architecture Community of Practice advisory board.
3783	In 2010, Facebook made significant changes to its privacy settings.
3784	In 2010, Sayani, in an interview with Aswin Punathambekar (professor of communication studies at the University of Michigan-Ann Arbor), recounted how his team would record the show on tapes “every single day.
3785	In 2012 her vision came true.
3786	In 2012, we launched a project in a context referred to as the "smart Port of Hamburg."
3787	In 2015, the average annual revenue per eSports fan was $2.83 (compared with about $15 for NBA fan).
3788	In 2016 dollars, seventy-five cents would be just under six bucks.
3789	In 3.3, we’re adding assets to that list.
3790	In a better world, this album would've been an overambitious detour -- in this one, it was the beginning of the end, at least for a long time.
3791	In accordance with the DMCA, it is the policy of Company to terminate use of our Digital Services by repeat infringers in appropriate circumstances.
3792	In a certain corner of the alternative health movement, fueled by celebrity buzz, it’s become en vogue for new mothers to consume their placentas after giving birth.
3793	In a coffee grinder (reserved for spice grinding only) pulverize the annatto, cumin, black pepper, allspice, cloves until they become a fine powder.
3794	In addition, cost of goods sold and occupancy included the recognition of a $6.8 million benefit on the settlement of previously estimated and accrued parts and components liabilities.
3795	In addition, Goldstein offers workshops in which she teaches people how to make their own terrariums.
3796	In addition, in order to support QPACK, each peer creates two additional unidirectional QUIC streams, one used to send QPACK table updates to the other peer, and one to acknowledge updates received by the other side.
3797	In addition, the 1996 Telecommunications Act will deregulate rates of non-basic tiers of programming after the Sunset Date.
3798	In addition, the company has added five senior software developers since the beginning of the year, the company said.
3799	In addition, the materials contained in this Site could contain technical inaccuracies or typographical errors.
3800	In addition to Amazon's Go grocery storephysical book store in NYC, the addition of Whole Foods' brick-and-mortar operation brings the firm's battle with Walmart to a new plane.
3801	In addition to be biased against people with kids and those who have to work in the evening, the caucus was crowded, chaotic and confusing.
3802	In addition to being a beautiful place to live, Seattle ranked as the fourth best city in the country for job seekers by NerdWallet.
3803	In addition to codecs for the video tracks, there are different codecs for audio tracks.
3804	In addition to ourselves, we have three in-house editors, Rachel Wenitsky, Eva Victor, and Taylor Garron, who help write and edit pieces for the site.
3805	In addition to these new features, the code base has been improved allowing for more rapid development and cool new capabilities for add-ons.
3806	In addition to your basic drink offerings, create a signature cocktail for your event.
3807	In a decade or so, the owner will threaten to sell the team to a new sucker unless the city builds a new stadium, just like Columbus’s owner is doing now.
3808	In a divided country desperate for unity, two sons of South Carolina show how different races, life experiences, and pathways can lead to a deep friendship—even in a state that was rocked to its core by the 2015 Charleston church shooting.
3809	In a few words, I would say our philosophy is selling books that we enjoy ourselves and that we believe will have an impact on the reader.
3810	In a large bowl mix together flour, sugar, baking powder, and salt.
3811	In a medium-sized saucepan on medium heat, bring milk to a near scalding boil.
3812	In a message to employees on Wednesday, AT&T elaborated on its initial explanation of the contract.
3813	In an area traditionally dominated by "root detection" products and DIY techniques, Google attempts to respond to this request: "OK Google, what do you think about the device I'm running in?"
3814	In an effort to raise the number of visitors that convert into demo requests on your product pages, you test an attractive new redesign on one of your pages using a good ol’ A/B test.
3815	In an interview, she added: “For digital preservation you really have to be doing it and thinking about it all the time.
3816	In another bowl, whisk the 4 egg whites until foamy, then gradually add the 100g of sugar and whisk until the whites are holding their shape but not too stiff.
3817	In another study comparing the effectiveness of budesonide with corticosteroids, budesonide was not better than systemic corticosteroids in treating Crohn's disease but had fewer side effects.
3818	In anticipation of an appearance Sunday, head coach Adam Gase handed Fales some first-team practice reps this week.
3819	In any event, we disqualified any pair of tongs with handles that surpassed a tolerable temperature of about 130°F (54°C).
3820	In a panel like that, the text is a visual object, and I don't think we can consider it as text anymore.
3821	In a press statement, Quinn said, "Banning microbeads will help ensure clean waters across Illinois and set an example for our nation to follow.
3822	In artificial neural networks, hidden layers are required if and only if the data must be separated non-linearly.
3823	In a series of tweets, Emma Gonzalez explains why the clear backpacks aren’t the change we want to see.
3824	In a small ramekin or other oven proof container, that will just contain the egg and cream, place the tablespoon of warm cream, then crack in an egg.
3825	In August 2016, the EU enacted its first major cyber law, which “operators of essential services” to “take appropriate and proportionate … measures to manage” their cyber risks.
3826	In both cases, the men didn't have any of the typical risk factors associated with heart disease.
3827	“In both Teal and Holacracy, we don’t have managers, but as human beings we need the support and help from someone with experience.
3828	In case you're wondering, yes, she made all of those fashions herself!
3829	Included in the Prestige trim is a heads-up display.
3830	Inclusion criteria included individuals aged 21–55 y, BMI of 30–40 kg/m, fasting glucose of >126 mg/dL, nonsmokers, minimal alcohol consumption, and hemoglobin A1c of 6.5–9.0%.
3831	Inclusive Prosperity through Shared Experiences Published June 13, 2018 - By Deepa Prahalad “Forget Calls to Action and apology tours.
3832	In comparison, a white, straight man is almost never called bossy, sassy, or uppity for asserting himself.
3833	In compliance with the EU-US and Swiss-US Privacy Shield Principles, JW Player commits to resolve complaints about your privacy and our collection or use of your Personal Data.
3834	In contrast, Horton’s baby elephant-bird chooses him over its biological mother, Mayzie.
3835	Increased commoditization will force differentiation and consolidation at many levels.
3836	Increasing demand from ERP vendors across the globe for modern Cloud and mobile ERP solutions has spurred rapid adoption of the Acumatica platform.
3837	In December of the same year, my husband and I went on a vacation to the Florida Keys and brought our mountain bikes.
3838	Indeed, it’s hard not to see the V35 ThinQ as being a revamp – not a reinvention – of the V30 from 2017.
3839	Indeed, we view our software and services as core infrastructure for marketers to successfully build their brands in a digital world.
3840	Indents in the pavement are all that remain from a grisly death machine in Paris.
3841	Indian eggplant in creamy peanut coconut sauce, sesame sauce, a specialty from Andhra Pradesh.
3842	Individually titrate ACTIQ to a dose that provides adequate and minimizes side effects.
3843	Individuals who are 17 years of age, (16 with parental consent) weigh at least 110 pounds and are in generally good health, may be eligible to donate blood.
3844	Industry watchers said the acquisition will strengthen Accenture's cloud consulting services on platforms such as Google and Salesforce.
3845	In each formative assessment conference, teachers score students on any standards they have mastered, allowing teachers and schools to track rate of reading growth for every student.
3846	I need to know how to replace the top fireplace liner on chimney?
3847	I never even noticed that I felt so much shame until this sunshine-y day a few months ago.
3848	I never hear of men protesting that they are not allowed to give birth, because they were not designed to do so.
3849	I never knew writing your feelings could have such a great outcome, you shold continue to write all your feelings in this journal.
3850	I never said that vegetable crops take more land or resources than beef or other livestock.
3851	I never thought a syringe would produce 'pearls' from agar jelly.
3852	Inevitably, it ends with sharing a crate of beer.
3853	Inexpensive wood caskets also come in a variety of choices.
3854	In fact, an in-depth review from 2013 described no less than nine different anti-aging products in various stages of development, each of which containing siRNAs, miRNA mimics and miRNA antagomiRs.
3855	In fact, arthritis is characterized by a mix of good days and bad days.
3856	In fact, funny you should say about Coursera and online learning.
3857	In fact, I almost made a goat curry for tonight, but Zak talked me into lamb.
3858	In fact, I’m less shocked, however saddened, by that response, than many would be because of my years working with alcoholics and drug addicts who ran the socioeconomic gamut from homeless to rich and privileged.
3859	In fact I received an email from a Gourmet editor yesterday asking me to provide contact information.
3860	In fact, its colors have been dialed in fairly well and the display is pretty visible when cranked up under sunlight.
3861	In fact, I was happy with the stock Apple earphones for a long while on those rare occasions when my iPod left my Honda.
3862	In fact, not even every personal pronoun refers to a person.
3863	In fact, one of its strengths is the way you can never be sure where the story is heading.
3864	In fact, the Bible shows 3 reasons your full potential isn’t being tapped.
3865	In fact, the mediums tended to be young women: perhaps because the Fox sisters were, because of older ideas about an association between young women and magic, or because of an association between spirituality, femininity and the home.
3866	In feeding on the leaves, the worms, of course, also swallow the insecticide.
3867	In few words we can have a nice the moment we try to set an item, even the same, and the storage is "full".
3868	In fiction, there has to be a motive (aside from serial killers, who have the excuse of horrible childhoods or some other trauma) for murder; the fictional crime needs to make sense.
3869	In Fill Your Funnel, get step-by-step instructions on using social media platforms like Facebook, Instagram, LinkedIn, and Tw.
3870	Infographic showing the size of the issue, legislation pertaining to slavery, the penalties and the steps to sustaining a clean supply chain.
3871	Information shared by seems to corroborate these details.
3872	"Informing providers who decline an organ, that it was successfully used by another center would potentially lead to a course correction," the editorial authors note.
3873	Infragistics - Hierarchical Data Grid ControlPlease enable JavaScript to view this page properly.
3874	Ingenta was formed in 1998 and floated on the AIM market of the London Stock Exchange in April 2000.
3875	Ingrid Larsen doesn’t need anyone’s help.
3876	INGRID: We lost track of them when we moved away from Harrisburg.
3877	In Hebrew with added English title page.
3878	In his earlier work, Friedman explained that a flat world is one in which technological change combined with global markets could expand economic opportunity and bring millions out of poverty into the middle class.
3879	In his letters, he often gave Brown silly fictitious middle names, like Epistaxis—a medical term referring to nosebleeds.
3880	In his letter, your great grandfather is asking for swimming pool access for Coloured people… But not all Coloured people… just the ones who payed taxes… the elite.
3881	In I make the argument that extreme conservative utopias (everything from Theodore Hertzka's to a range of twentieth century novels suggesting that the path to peace runs through holocaust) are not really utopias at all.
3882	In Inky HTML, set the attribute tag with the size you want.
3883	Initially, the tests will fail, because you haven’t coded up the new feature yet.
3884	In its highly combustable, confusing, angry environment, where everyone from parents to rioters to cops is just making it up as they go along, the only thing that seems to matter are the underlying drives, whether it’s goodheartedness or resentment.
3885	In June 1986, he assumed the additional position of chairman of the board.
3886	Ink Business Cash℠ Credit Card: Best for office, gas and dining spending with no annual fee.
3887	In laptop mode, the keyboard attaches seamlessly, while studio mode, with a subtle tilt, encourages creativity via the improved Surface Pen, which enables intuitive writing and drawing on the screen.
3888	In less than fifteen minutes, the security assessment is completed with prioritized findings that can be viewed within our cloud dashboard or bug-tracking tools like GitHub.
3889	In live app testing purchase was successful but mail says "Grand Total: $0.00".
3890	In Louisville, Kentucky, a statue dedicated to Confederate soldiers was relocated after a long legal battle.
3891	In many ways the war's pre-eminent confrontation, the Overland Campaign brought together each side's greatest captain in a novel and relentless combat.
3892	In March, the family made an even bigger move.
3893	In May 1964, President Lyndon B. Johnson laid out his agenda for a “Great Society” during a speech at the University of Michigan.
3894	In most areas, it’s still warm enough to transition summer clothes into fall, especially in classrooms with less air conditioning.
3895	In most cases, it doesn’t—and if it does, it probably shouldn’t.
3896	In most cases, it resolves on its own and does not become a problem for the pregnancy.
3897	In most cases, this action is Play/Pause.
3898	InMotion will even install WordPress for you at checkout.
3899	In my 6 year of blogging experience, I had never seen such mess in the traffic to my site.
3900	In my case, the bug was caused by a known IE11 behavior in which max-width does not work for children of inline-block elements that have no explicit width.
3901	In my experience, with time most companies can plan thru the strategic elements of personalisation eg what to do, to whom, when and why.
3902	In my family we call this getting our raws (uncooked) for the day.
3903	In my notes below, the first number is the order for the flight, and the bottom number (which is circled) was my preference.
3904	In my pico de gallo, my secret ingredient is Mexican oregano, which is something my mom used to do for her recipe.
3905	In my sessions, Sext Adventureended with talking about strangling me then asking to send feedback to its creators, thanking me for being patient.
3906	Innovative commerce, marketing, sales and service apps enable smarter customer experiences that drive tangible and predictable business results.
3907	Innovative thinkers, in economics and other disciplines, often have a pronounced whimsical streak."
3908	In one Brazilian examining the instances of hearing loss in bus drivers, it was found that 32.7% of bus drivers experienced noise-induced hearing loss.
3909	"In order to ensure the North does not backpedal on it again as it did in the past 25 years, continuous sanctions and pressure are required."
3910	In order to prise people away from this snuggly world, brands and marketeers need to create experiences that you can’t gain access to every day.
3911	In order to save Hong Kong, Agents will battle alongside Black Widow and Hawkeye, join forces with the mighty Thor in Odin’s Vault, help Star-Lord in the Collector’s Museum and much more.
3912	In order to see the results of your work, you’ll first need to see where you’re starting from.
3913	In ordinary driving that is more than 30 years' service.
3914	I normally do not assist in the hatching process.
3915	I normally get the Smashbox Sheer Focus tinted moisturizer, and guess what?
3916	In other words, Chung’s crew would help them set up their pages on Giphy; explain how to make GIFs more discoverable; and even make the GIFs themselves by running content through Giphy’s auto-tagging machine that finds the best moments.
3917	In other words, environmental ethics needs to conceive of a more democratic and more ecological form of thought itself.
3918	In other words, "hey CAFC, how can you be stupid?
3919	I notice that GoDaddy reps are active here answering concerns.
3920	In our example I would still have a class with lots of methods for things like calculating tax and handling order completion.
3921	I now have a plan that not only takes into account all my responsibilities, but also has helped to for a new path!
3922	In o/w/o multiple emulsions the set of emulsifiers for the internal interface must be hydrophilic, while the set of emulsifiers for the external interface must be hydrophobic.
3923	In particular, we emerged from World War II with a level of both economic and military dominance not seen since the heyday of ancient Rome.
3924	Inpatient treatment may be especially important in patients who have co-occurring disorders such as PTSD, obsessive-compulsive disorder or depression.
3925	In practice, President Obama has complete control over this part of the equation.
3926	In preparation for my father’s 90 birthday, I spent a year interviewing him and doing research about his World War II experiences, resulting in a 237-page nonfiction work called Cornfields to Airfield.
3927	In private conversations, Clinton tells the audiences in front of her more or less what they want to hear.
3928	In Q3 2014, mobile accounted for 62% of Facebook ads served on the source’s platform worldwide, compared with 38% for desktop. eMarketer expects 66.2% of Facebook’s $11.24 billion ad revenues worldwide to come from paid advertising on mobile.
3929	In Q3 2017 revenue grew by 7,7 percent to 10 billion Dollar (US-Gaap).
3930	In real time, viewers were able to view key athlete performance data like the height of a snowboarder jump and how far they rotated.
3931	… In recent years, credit card companies and their famously legalese have landed in the cross-hairs of federal lawmakers.
3932	In Reduced Functionality mode, your software behaves similarly to a viewer.
3933	In regard to one of the antivirus bugs he found in Norton antivirus software, Ormandy said it was "about as bad as it can possibly get," because it required no user interaction and the antivirus scan engine was loaded into the system kernel.
3934	In retrospect, he regrets the exclusion.
3935	In Rising Above a Toxic Workplace, you'll discover options you didn't know you had for coping or quitting.
3936	In short, these retailers do not specify what qualities they want in the salespeople they are seeking.
3937	Inside this new menu, tap the slider at the top to turn on one-handed mode.
3938	In so many books, I feel that the story goes on and on and then just ends with no clarity.
3939	In some cases, artsy groups that delight in being self-indulgent and eccentric aren't terribly worried about accessibility.
3940	In some instances, a company allegedly refused to consider an otherwise qualified applicant solely because he worked for the other party to the no-poaching agreement.
3941	In some of these cases Git will still be able to obtain the correct date from the malformed string.
3942	Inspired by his namesake, he wryly records his classmates’ dramas as modern-day Roman mythology.
3943	Inspired by the client’s TV spot, the PIXL Studios team created a cohesive digital experience.
3944	In spite of Wanda’s insistence of her femininity, the glimpse we get into her dreams reveals the exact type of boyish fantasy that the Cuckoo outlines.
3945	Install AnySoftKeyboard first, and then select.
3946	Instead, as a transitionary measure, we provide another 2 months of support where we'll ensure that important fixes make it into that release line.
3947	Instead, concentrate on the way the other person's lips feel against yours.
3948	Instead, it features farmers and shopkeepers in an arty montage of photos and talks about trust, freshness and how most of the food it makes comes from locally-sourced produce.
3949	Instead of drying out the leaves, bartender Phil Ingram infused the fresh product into vodka, resulting in a vibrant bright green hue like you’d expect from crème de menthe.
3950	Instead of fixing their products, vendors simply move on to marketing the next best thing.
3951	Instead of focusing on delegitimizing Crystal’s marriage, Republicans should take this opportunity to look into the eyes and heart of a patriot who just so happens to love someone of her own gender and do the right thing.
3952	Instead of following some formula for how much carbohydrate you can safely eat, this method will tell you exactly what your carbohydrate tolerance is, and which carbs are “safe” and “unsafe” for you.
3953	Instead of including lengthy descriptions, images, and links, minimize your portfolio design to include brief descriptions that perfectly summarize each of your projects.
3954	Instead, the immature cells trigger adult brain cells to switch gears and block a stroke-induced immune response that causes nerve damage.
3955	Instead, they worry.
3956	Instead, you’ll nod.
3957	In stock photos, bad news or stress is always expressed through the hands.
3958	Instructions to install the package may be found below.
3959	In studies in two different mouse models -- one that mimicked the damage of cerebral palsy and the other, multiple sclerosis -- they found that those mice that lacked Daam2 had accelerated oligodendrocyte differentiation during development.
3960	In Substance I then started my normal texture progress which involves first adding normal map details, then base colors.
3961	Integrated learning objectives guide your study efforts, self-assessment tools allow you to check your understanding, and practical coverage of careers illustrates the many opportunities available to you in today's criminal justice workplace environment.
3962	Integrating Bitly into your current workflow and tech stack is as easy as it gets.
3963	Intellectual disability is common.
3964	Intelligence is either the source of everything we value or we need it to safeguard everything we value.
3965	Interactions include phone calls, in-person meetings, and email.
3966	Interactions with general or local anesthetics have not been studied.
3967	Interested in more stories on apparel?
3968	Interesting, I shall try this one.
3969	In terms of design, the Redmi 6 looks very similar to other Xiaomi phones.
3970	In terms of irritants, there are a few.
3971	In terms of plant anatomy, the nitrate content of vegetable organs can be listed in descending order (most to least) as petiole > leaf > stem > root > influorescence > tuber > bulb > fruit > seed ().
3972	In terms of the content itself, Vue also does a good job of making sensible viewing recommendations.
3973	In terms of what companies are doing to tackle the recruitment challenge, there are a number of initiatives and trends that we are seeing.
3974	Internal organizer pockets to keep your tools, extra tubes, and mini pump handy, and the company's AirFlow back panel prevents sweat puddles from accumulating on your lower back.
3975	Inter Parfums Inc.’s sales were up in both the U.S. and European divisions for the second quarter.
3976	In that case the max is four or five, with the understanding that you should also consider how busy the store is before pushing the limits.
3977	In that event, the matador uses another sword to try to sever the bull's spinal cord or brain stem, causing quadriplegia.
3978	In that way, they don’t have to travel for 45 minutes just to see a file.
3979	In the application setup, we locked MySQL down to the private interface for security reasons.
3980	In the article, entitled “Dual Processors Deliver”, the Xi® Computer Corporation Xi 2400 MTower™ MP was one of two systems featuring the Quadro2 Pro that received a perfect five-star rating and was awarded the Cadaylst Labs Highly Recommended Award.
3981	In The Bedroom the old layer of varnish can be peeled off the painting.
3982	In the beginning, a bad date, a shitty guy, whatever, feels like a major hit.
3983	In “The Biscuit Tin,” he recalls his father’s Kodachrome slides: “I remember him sitting in the dark / behind the projector, the beam of light / shooting across the room, / the white screen filling with image after image, / the sound of locks opening.”
3984	In the book Mackenzie says “Mommy & Daddy haven’t been time with me lately.”
3985	In the bowl of an electric mixer cream the butter and sugar until combined.
3986	In the bowl of a stand mixer whisk the egg whites and sugar together.
3987	In the Burgundy kitchen of dear friends, below, stucco bases are left open, and again the table is the center of the room.
3988	In the circle, Brittany Cuevas picked up her fifth win of the season.
3989	In the colon, lactulose is broken down by bacteria into products that help to draw water into the colon, which softens the stool.
3990	!in the country where the side dishes don´t exist!) or crumbly meringue with berries, or I could really go on but I won´t.
3991	In the dialog box, click the Request Coverage button.
3992	In the digital age, the term “newsroom” has been updated to reflect how businesses can show off their earned media mentions online.
3993	In the early 1530s, a French printer named Robert Estienne Thesaurus Linguae Latinae Latin dictionary listing words that appeared in Latin texts throughout an enormous span of history.
3994	In the early 2000’s, Greer was accused of having an inappropriate relationship with a female teenager, but no charges were ever brought forward after the Manatee County Sheriff’s Office investigated the claims.
3995	In the end, all it guaranteed was extreme sleep deprivation on top of my relentless worrying.
3996	In the end, Chinese collectors are no different than anyone else.
3997	In the end, there is no real debate about whether to become a data-centric company.
3998	In the end we switch channels and I catch the last episode of this season's ER.
3999	In the event that an erection persists longer than 4 hours, the patient should seek immediate medical assistance.
4000	In the following edited excerpt, she explores why developing social capital--or strong, empathetic teams--is far more important than hiring one exceptional candidate.
4001	In the foothills of the Pyrenees, a French artist named Edmond Tiffou keeps the ancient Islamic art of miniature painting alive and flourishing to this day.
4002	In their midst is this little brown man, not very muscular, but regal.
4003	In the Journal of the American Medical Association, Stanford University’s Raj Chetty and colleagues looked for of life expectancy for individuals in the lowest income quartile and found that health-care access was not one of them.
4004	In The Kiss an awkward young soldier is kissed by mistake.
4005	In the law, "goodwill" refers to the inherent value of a trademark due to its recognition by consumers.
4006	In the meantime, celebrate by doing something enjoyable with some of your favourite people because it's exactly what you're in the mood for.
4007	In the meantime, he writes about her in his diary and composes really bad love poetry that he will recite to her one day, if he can work up the courage to tell her the truth.
4008	In the meantime, I’d love to see what you guys are doing with this new functionality.
4009	In the moment — a time when Iverson was leading the Philadelphia 76ers, my hometown team, to their 2001 NBA Finals run — he meant that, despite what I thought, I couldn’t pick every defender apart off the dribble.
4010	In the navigation bar at the top of the screen, the current region is displayed.
4011	In the newspaper or online, find and closely read analysis and opinion pieces about the issue.
4012	In the next 18 months, Experience Manager Sites will enable faster, easier contextual design, while continuing to cross-pollinate features from the broader portfolio.”
4013	In the on-premise model, eating a meal at home requires you to do all of the work, using your own oven and ingredients already in the home.
4014	In the past couple of days I’ve tried to show how dysfunctional traditional publishing is with its accounting practices.
4015	In the past few days, this group began promoting the event.
4016	In the past I used to depend on Adobe products that locked myself to Windows and/or MacOS.
4017	In the process of repairing these tears, the arteries become thicker and less able to supply needed blood to the spongy, erectile tissues of the penis.
4018	In the push method, whenever something happens, the observable immediately notifies the observers of the event.
4019	In the spirit of True Grit, the cutthroat days of the Wild West come to life for a new generation.
4020	In the summer, you better protect yourself.
4021	“In the U.K. we are not comfortable talking about or engaging with death, and it’s not healthy, and something we want to meet head on,” said Ian Strang, the company’s co-founder.
4022	In the wake of working for 25 years for someone else I picked it was the perfect time for a change, trading was the reaction for me in light of the fact that I need to work from home.
4023	In the weeks since the Austin school board agreed to rename Robert E. Lee Elementary School, our inbox has been filled with suggestions — some sincere and some more mischievous.
4024	In this 15-minute lesson Greg Schulz, Senior Analyst of the Evaluator Group, looks at the real nuts and bolts of storage management.
4025	In this codelab, we're only going to use the Google Drive API, but once you're done with the codelab, you can select any others you'd like to experiment with or use for real.
4026	In this discussion, we were focusing primarily on representations of race and ethnicity in children’s books, although multiculturalism also includes diversity of cultures, religions, gender and sexual orientation.
4027	In this gentle tale just right for youngest book lovers, a sister and brother reenact the night that Christ was born, in their own words.
4028	In this guide, we’ll explain what WordPress custom fields are and discuss how they can be used.
4029	In this interview, Daniel Kolbe tells more about his company and its philosophy.
4030	In this interview, we introduce you Powertrain Racing Development.
4031	In this, Karl Lagerfeld¡¦s second Stern Fotografie portfolio, he focuses exclusively on his muse, supermodel Claudia Schiffer.
4032	In this picture I see a little boy making a disgusting dump of a place his playground.
4033	In this second installment in a four-part series looking at inclusivity in outdoor communities, journalist James Edward Mills sits down with McGowan to talk about her fast road to success.
4034	In this session, we'll embark on a tremulous journey through the wilderness of the Web Content Accessibility Guidelines and deep into the mire of assistive technologies.
4035	In this video we’ll show you how to improve your website’s visibility on search across the web by encouraging links to your site, engaging with your customers through good content, and promoting your site with social media.
4036	In this way, every integer can be derived from the counting numbers, resulting in a set of numbers closed under the operation of subtraction (
4037	INTL was introduced in Excel 2010.
4038	In total, there are 11 family members currently working in the company.
4039	Into the oven it goes for 1 1/2 hours or so until a thermometer inserted into the thickest part reads 165. That’s the most important thing you can have, by the way, when roasting something to perfection–a thermometer.
4040	Introducing Leonard Nimoy and hamming it up like an old pro.
4041	Intuition, on the other hand, is a physical form of thought, a kind of quick, intellectual muscle memory and an evolutionary advantage if we are to survive.
4042	Investigate the cost of a full-service move with FREE quotes from up to 6 moving companies!
4043	Investigators arrested the suspect earlier this month, and on Monday, they charged him with threats to use an explosive device, threats to injure and sexual exploitation of a child, cyber threats to female victims, and producing child pornography.
4044	Investing with Impact: Why Finance Is a Force for Good outlines the roadmap to reinvigorating a skeptical public and demoralized financial services industry by making the case that, contrary to popular misconception, finance is not the cause of the wo.
4045	In which a physics professor severely overthinks his daughter's science homework.
4046	In Ye’s luggage, agents found more corn seeds hidden amid his clothes, each one individually wrapped in napkins from a Subway restaurant.
4047	In your “Privacy & Permissions” setting, you may also hide photos or your profile from searches on flickr.com as well as from searches on 3rd party sites.
4048	I often close the Pandora’s box that is the question of why we exist (I refuse to accept any religious answer to the question) by simply telling myself I will be wasting my time if I spend my entire life searching for the answer to that question.
4049	I often tell beginning writers to start with their own daily lives when looking for story ideas, and this is the perfect example of how I was "gifted" with one in my own writing life.
4050	I only have time to visit one emperor's tomb.
4051	I only heard of it once Stitcher began advertising on Freakonomics Radio, but then I started using it and I have to say I do love it.
4052	I opened the door, and he cheerfully asked, "Mr.
4053	I ordered little neck clams from Crab Dynasty online.
4054	I originally went in for a torn rotator cuff.
4055	IoT applications generate massive amounts of data, so data centers in the 5G era need to provide ultra-large elastic storage capacity and computing capabilities.
4056	I owned a 2001 Camry LE for over 13 years and it was far better than this 2016 Camry XLE.
4057	I paid for premium support, and they tried to blame my hosting provider, and said they had never seen the problem, and then vanished for the entire weekend.
4058	I panic my way throughout the month of December, and yet somehow, I never learn from my previous bouts with procrastination.
4059	I particularly like confrontation (no subtitles, unfortunately) between Zemmour and another writer described as controversial by the French media, Tariq Ramadan (his book on the Arab Spring, Islam and the Arab Awakening, is worth checking out).
4060	I personally can't wait until we can avoid all possible human / human interaction.
4061	I personally don't like the smell of Durian but I surely love its taste.
4062	I powerfully identified with it.
4063	I pray for you and your family.
4064	I prefer a happy ending, no matter how many people I have to slaughter.
4065	I prefer reimagination but I guess reboot sounds more sf, and maybe it’s the standard in tv.
4066	I probably have to stick with statins combined with a PCSK9 inhibitor -repatha to control APO-B and lipoprotein a. I think the pcsk9 inhibitor and lipitor negatively effects blood sugar control.
4067	I put mine in whole wheat pita bread with yogurt, lettuce, and avocado.
4068	I quit rather than gag twice a day every day!
4069	I raised the question regarding ‘linearity’ and ‘noob concentration’ in Alpha they were implemented – no reply or interest.
4070	I ran games with G-Sync enabled at both 144Hz and with the Overclock turned on at 165Hz.
4071	Iraq produced 4,500 megawatts of electricity before the war.
4072	I realise that I'm just rambling ineffectually now, and that I'm preaching to the choir, so I'll finish.
4073	I really could care less if my ovulation days show up on my calendar.
4074	I really did, but my husband is not a fan.
4075	I really do enjoy Japanese food, but I find it nice to break it up – miso salmon in the morning just doesn’t do it for me.
4076	I really enjoyed Taken and loved The Proposal, but I agree with you about Ramone.
4077	I really have to get to it.
4078	I really like doing my site with your plugin.
4079	I really loved this post Cathy - and the bread looks so pretty.
4080	I really never thought of it that way.
4081	I really sucked at sports,athletics etc. i was an average student.
4082	I really thought that it read more like a historical romance than anything else.
4083	I really try not to use sun block per se unless we’re at the ocean and you’re getting sunlight reflected left, right and center.
4084	I recall there was a site which listed them all and at the time (late last year) there were only around 1,500 SS footage contributors with over 1,000 clip files.
4085	I recently bought a curry leaf plant too, it is growing slowly, got three or four new sprigs.
4086	I recently created my profile and uploaded tracks.
4087	I recently read Madeline for the first time.
4088	I recently read on (one of my favorite food blogs) that corn starts to lose its sugar and sweetness the minute it's picked and that you should eat it the same day, if possible.
4089	I recently viewed movie lists on IMDb, only to be confronted with adverts for porn websites.
4090	I recommend displaying it along with the first two books in the series—
4091	“I regret that day a lot,” he said.
4092	I remember a mystery written by a popular French writer who had set her story in my home town.
4093	I remember my father telling me that when he was in college, he and his friends would ask each other, “Are you going to let your wife work?”
4094	I repeat: read the text of Trump’s executive order.
4095	I requested this book from netgalley because.
4096	I return to the fasting hut once.
4097	Ironically, one of the last works I saw on a whirlwind two-day press tour of the exhibition provides the best entry point for my thoughts on FRONT.
4098	Is a clear starting point in user interaction.
4099	I said look, let’s forgive each other.
4100	“I said there wasn’t enough land for the cross-country course in the 200 acres that made up Great Meadow.
4101	“I said, ‘Yeah, they are.
4102	I salute you, and us, and hope I can one day be that fat girl at yoga too, instead of the fat girl who holds our couch down.
4103	” is a term used to label the late stage of the game where there’s fewer pieces on the board (post-snap); and the King becomes far more powerful.
4104	I say “apparently” because, being the experienced reporter I am, I spent that time across the street at Tony Roma’s enjoying a plate of delicious buffalo tenders.
4105	I say now, but without going to the County Court office and checking, it’s likely been dwarfed for 40 years.
4106	Is Blogging Still Essential to a Fiction Writer’s Platform?
4107	I see it as central.
4108	I seem to not have trouble eating potatoes and tomatoes, but your point is one I considered.
4109	I seem to remember suggesting an implementation guide to you in order to cut down on the number of forum posts.
4110	I see that you are still a real patriot.
4111	I sent my significant other to the store to buy a few boxes of puff pastry sheets.
4112	I seriously need to read up on Illuminae since that’s on everyone’s radar!
4113	I seriously think Jackbox might be the best names in Party games right now.
4114	I serve it, if she doesn't eat it, I put it away and she can choose to eat it later or not at all.
4115	I set up all three devices with Samba for some real-world testing with TR's standard media and work test sets.
4116	Is food testing a vanishing art caught my eye right away!
4117	I shopped around several places for laser treatment and found body envy to have the lowest prices.
4118	I should have known better than to take Brianna to the mall during the holiday season.
4119	I should probably get around to the baby book before he graduates high school.
4120	I signed up 3 years ago now and I am profoundly interested in how people connect—how people share and connect, and how that could contribute in a positive way to the human condition.
4121	I sincerely want a moderate government based on reasoned debate, but I cannot tell you how tempting it would be to use all of the GOP nasty tactics against Trump and the Republican Congress just to give you a taste of your own medicine.
4122	Isis, the stern mother, sister and lover, goes and fetches those parts and puts him back together again.
4123	Is it a Draper-esque marketing stunt worthy of the advertising Gods?
4124	"Is it David, Jane?"
4125	Is it fair to say the two were related?
4126	•Is it helpful for us to wait on the Lord and to learn to wait upon him more faithfully?
4127	Is it of value?"
4128	Is it possible to view cost of bandwidth for each domain using the billing api?
4129	Is it smart voice control?
4130	“Islam is the only religion that creates problems, in Italy, Europe and in the Middle East,” he says in a telephone conversation with Haaretz.
4131	! is Leia's hair.
4132	I slept on a bare mattress on the floor.
4133	Is like should I buy this?
4134	Is my Facebook page actually driving sales?
4135	Is my taste in books just that different from that of Goodreads raters?
4136	Isn't paying singular attention women—creating special categories for women—just serving the same master of segregation?
4137	Isn’t that what they always say you should do?
4138	I so identify with this dish, our daughter loves it too!
4139	I soon joined a Christian gaming site, CCGR.
4140	I sort of wonder how anyone can read Rod Dreher for more than a week.
4141	I spent 2 weeks here and not even once did I get a feeling of being away from home.
4142	I spent 4-ish years consulting on largely this 'getting started' problem.
4143	I spent my childhood summers in the family cabin in the Sierras on Hwy 108, and a great many of my early married years, too.
4144	I spent the ni.
4145	ISPs can use this data to find areas where improvements should be made or to verify the expected performance.
4146	״Israel arrested an injured, post-traumatic 15-year-old in the middle of the night and got him to lie out of fear of being sent to prison in his condition,” their statement said.
4147	Is Social Media As Addictive As Cocaine?
4148	Is targeting links in new windows ok?
4149	I started getting emails asking what was going on.
4150	I started my career in ad sales at Women’s Marketing Inc. (WMI), an advertising agency focused on digital and print.
4151	“I started running in 1999 and ran my first marathon 22 months later.”
4152	I started shopping at Aldi after I quit my full-time job to stay home with my kids.
4153	I started to think about everything differently, and quickly realized the unlimited potential of using sensors to monitor changes and events.
4154	Is that the kind of dedication you are looking for?
4155	Is the company I am getting my FAKO score from affiliated with a credit bureau?
4156	Is the current user following this blog?
4157	Is there any reason to have such a limit?
4158	Is there anything that screams summer quite like a road trip story?
4159	Is there any way I can ship it to a fixed mailbox so I can be sure the card does not get lost on the way?
4160	Is there a way to enable and empower people to move from news reading to news making?
4161	Is there a way to fix a leak in the pressurized side of a pool system without digging it up?
4162	Is there something I have missed in how I have approached this problem?
4163	Is this a super faint positive or a negative?
4164	! is this fucking real!
4165	Is this going to be a first contact?
4166	Is This the Most Passive-Aggressive Relationship Move of All Time?
4167	I still felt for her and hoped for the best.
4168	I still had to race that day and I was on the hill so early to inspect the course, but I wasn’t concerned about the competition ahead.
4169	I still have a stuffed Paddington Bear that my parents got me when I was a tot.
4170	I still have ten more minor prophets to cover before the quarter is over.
4171	I struggled with the exact same problem when I first encountered the Privilege argument.
4172	I studied engineering.
4173	I suggest using sea-buckthorn or red currant berries.
4174	I suspected every single character possible of being the killer throughout the course of the book.
4175	I suspect the same situation applies in the US.
4176	Is violence ever justified—either by a group oppressing another, or by that group pushing back?
4177	Is writer’s block holding your blog back?
4178	I take a ton of photos, but they are often amateurish, and if I get a good one, it’s sweet dumb luck and a good camera.
4179	"I take no pleasure in a public flogging of our police chief," McCarty said before a packed council chambers.
4180	I talked with my niece this weekend, and she said the house where we lived when I was a child, that place by the creek outside of Colville – it's sitting empty and available to rent.
4181	It all came down to value, and how buying a product makes them feel, over anything else.
4182	It allows faster performance by doing two things.
4183	It allows you to highlight specific articles on the homepage, and to balance readability with a powerful use of photography — all in a layout that works on any device.
4184	It allows you to regognize the complexity pattern which you're seeing, by visualizing the behavior of the pattern.
4185	It also contains rare letters, synopses, story fragments, photos, and ephemera relating to Howard's life.
4186	It also goes beyond talking only about wealth and assets and teaches lessons about family values, long-term visions, and goals.
4187	It also included a number of potential downsides and how to avoid.
4188	"It always meant trouble when he was with a group," says Ollie Jones- Edwards, 54. "If he was alone, he was sweet as jelly."
4189	It and Uber use public records to vet drivers.
4190	It became a passion after my first few boudoir shoots.
4191	It brings together multi-factor authentication, risk-based access management, identity governance and user lifecycle management in one powerful suite of solutions.
4192	It, by far, had the highest penetration into exploits kits, according to Recorded Future.
4193	It came free and I rinsed it in the water before tossing it backwards into my basket with the others.
4194	It can be a trouble to get rid of and take unique care of their oral devices prior to they sleep.
4195	It can be installed in new bathrooms or existing facilities.
4196	“It can change your whole attitude.
4197	It can yield important insights to steer the positioning as well as decisions related to product design, its intended use, and the design or types of studies that need to be conducted.
4198	It comes together with the books or collections you buy.
4199	It comes with fried banana peppers, which add an interesting spice.
4200	It comes with sine, square, triangle, ramp (both directions), staircase (both directions), and user defined.
4201	It completely breaks down cell structure while driving off moisture, giving you smaller, easier-to-fry pieces.
4202	It consistently pumps out quality pictures, and it has some of the best low-light performance out there.
4203	It contains 20 money conversation starters, worksheets and a number of tips on how to simplify the process of working with numbers and budgets.
4204	It costs more time upfront to create the rainbow tables but then comparison against the database is fast and it has the added benefit of being reusable across later cracking attempts.
4205	It could also make it cheaper and more efficient to run wireless networks by punting some traffic automatically over to Wi-Fi hotspots.
4206	It could be that the student who hates school who is an ENFP has other learning problems not to do with personality type.
4207	It could even work with the Ness and Lucas Amiibos.
4208	It covers everything from when to bring in automation, which processes to automate and how, and criteria for building or buying a security automation solution.
4209	It dazzles as it befuddles, keeping readers off-balance in this multilayered, Alice in Wonderland history of families and the Pinch.
4210	It depends on the campaign, and then we also have ads that we call ‘evergreen ads.’
4211	It depends on who's the "most available," i.e. who has spent the most amount of time online as well as who has taken the fewest calls in the past 24 hours.
4212	“It does a masterful job of reinvigorating the Western genre that has become outdated in movies,” Parke says.
4213	It doesn't appear to have any locking mechanism.
4214	It doesn’t necessarily mean there’s anything else wrong.
4215	It doesn’t necessarily mean you’re going to be the next Ed Sheeran.
4216	It doesn’t need to run routing protocols such as OSPF, ISIS, and RIP.
4217	It drove my mother nearly out of her mind.
4218	I tell you, the dumbest thing I ever done was to turn down a chance to stay over there in Europe.
4219	It enables you to store data in the cloud, make calls using VoIP, and use a CRM application, among other things.
4220	Iterative development: It’s all the little things that create the magic.
4221	It feels like it’s been a “1 step forward, 3 steps back” process.
4222	It feels solidly built and comfortable to use.
4223	It felt so smooth and soothing compared to the sensitive skin cleanser I'd been using.
4224	It garners a "highly recommended" from him and from me.
4225	It genuinely baffles me how Celestine Trinidad was able to explore sensitive topics and themes with painful accuracy, thorough research, and thought-provoking depth within a limited handful of pages.
4226	It gives additional information in the case of Windows OS support for branch target injection mitigation is enabled returns non-compliant.
4227	It gives a valuable historical insight into the diets of wealthy Romans.
4228	It had been a long walk, after all.
4229	It had not been ratified, at the time of publication, but it was going to be.
4230	It happens to the best of us: We identify a dream job, pick a relevant major, apply and network like crazy, finally land on the path to that dream job, work tirelessly…only to realize the dream job wasn’t such a dream after all.
4231	It has 30 billion cultures per serving and contains 12 strains of soil-based probiotics to promote regular bowel movements and overall colon health.
4232	It has a hypnotic intensity and unbearable ambiguity which is maintained until the very end.
4233	It has a large, spacious, logically arranged interior, with plenty of room for new hard drives or a large graphics card.
4234	It has a little blue plastic strip that you can stick in and out of the rods to see how it works (it's fun!) before you buy it.
4235	It has a storied and influential heritage.
4236	It has been developed as a partnership between the judiciary and the City of London Corporation, which is to contribute the bulk of the project’s estimated £300 million cost.
4237	It has been optioned by Stellar Productions for the feature film Majic Men.
4238	It has been years since I have danced in my kitchen with joy.
4239	It has changed the incentives for the party so that instead of offering conservative solutions to America’s problems, it has become caught up with the daily media victories, which in the end are worthless.
4240	It has its more violent moments and there is occasional nudity.
4241	It has set itself a target of doubling alternative assets under management by 2020.
4242	It has the big book look without all the difficulty of big book fantasy.
4243	I think about where I am and what they are likely to do well.
4244	“I think a lot about these studies that say that little black girls are seen as less innocent and more adult than other little girls in the same age range and it breaks my heart.”
4245	I think a lot of people wonder about it.
4246	I think books like this are important, because dreadful things like that DO happen.
4247	“I think everybody has their fave exercise that they just love to do and look forward to.
4248	I think finding a good teacher to work with is more important than the specific practice.
4249	I think I’d buy some clothes.
4250	I think if you want to mix it up maybe doing poetry that is less formal?
4251	I think I have a satisfactory conclusion to the story I have been working on.
4252	I think I'll stick with the old version.
4253	I think it gives people a little more versatility.
4254	I think it is an excuse to keep getting sloshed myself and by now they should have called in John the maple-syrup-anonymous-tester-extra-judge to break the tie – but we all know that really he’s at the bar with the rest of them…
4255	I think it possible to prevent this kind of frustration without touching the rest of the RNG/procedural scheme by giving the player a failsafe schematic for the last role at the end of each tier of research.
4256	I think it's good to have a wide array of tastes, it keeps things interesting.
4257	I think it's good to spend most of your money because you might be dead tomorrow or something.
4258	I think it’s important for artists.
4259	I think it's incumbent upon each of us to do what we can to make our scene as accessible and fun for everyone.
4260	I think it’s interesting that as life becomes more on demand and give it to me now convenient, the need for more real (or worse) experiences increases.
4261	I think it’s still valuable.
4262	I think it tapped into what a lot of us were feeling.
4263	I think it was the summer of 2016.
4264	I think lasagna is just a bad place to use homemade noodles?
4265	I think most people in the know on this stuff would agree that less than 1g of supplemental EPA/DHA per day aint gonna do much!
4266	I think my own personal background, and my own personal story, has always led me to be innately interested in people who are struggling with something.
4267	"I think people that know me know that's not the kind of person I am.
4268	…I think readers are intelligent.
4269	“I think that all year we’ve gotten used to the volatility from Capitol Hill,” he said.
4270	I think that for the most part they are good value for money but of course if the Queen were a renegade that would be different.
4271	I think that is the better question.
4272	I think the best way to do risotto at a dinner party is as a first course while people are hanging in the kitchen, drinking wine, nibbling appetizers.
4273	I think the enzymes can offer rapid success, but I would go try to go slow depending on the severity of the overgrowth and keep in mind the understanding that you are modulating an ecosystem and not just killing candida.
4274	I think the future of ecommerce is a tricky one but definitely will become defined as time goes on.
4275	I think the most important thing is to remind them that you love them and they aren't alone.
4276	I think the original color was supposed to be reddish, but when we turned the corner to our street purple stood out.
4277	I think there's a grave threaten to intellectualism.
4278	“I think the walls contribute to the overall sense of beauty and seduction of the design of the store.”
4279	I think they are natural teachers!
4280	I think this book is probably designed for younger readers (Grade 3 and below), but I could definitely see myself using this in my 5th grade classroom, also.
4281	I think we can argue that some violent acts really do produce a serious knock on effect politically but in the modern era when a separatist movement goes up against a modern nation state the separatist movement generally loses.
4282	I think you’ll find that will solve your problem.
4283	I think your post is a bit misleading in that way.
4284	I thought it was strange, but you have to take into consideration whose funeral it is.
4285	I thought she was exaggerating but,” she bit her lip, and her gaze flew over his lithe form again.
4286	I thought, ‘what if I had said something.’
4287	It initially had a five-year contract, but locals successfully pushed for the park to for two more seasons.
4288	It is a creature created out of Mission Creep of The Supreme Court.
4289	It is a fantastic central that can achieve scale, but it requires resource to set up, integrate, manage, and optimize.
4290	It is also possible to use lower cost WAN connections, since less bandwidth is needed.
4291	It is an accessible entry point into the study of critical race theory, and unpacks the function of racism in modern American society within the law.
4292	It is an avoidable risk, especially since the natural sugars in fruits and vegetables are sweet enough!
4293	It is a story with a family secret Ursala does not yet want to reveal to Pix.
4294	It is a vehicle for deterrence.
4295	It is becoming increasingly important for you to take advantage of the time off both you and your children have, as we tend to get caught up in work and school and neglect the relationships that mean the most to us.
4296	It is best to begin planning for aging-in-place renovations early, before you retire.
4297	It is common knowledge that the reason Ronald Reagan fired his first 1980 campaign manager, John Sears, was his loss to George H.W. Bush in the Iowa caucuses straw poll.
4298	It is completely wrong and should have the consequences of harassment all the way every one is going to get or has been bullied.
4299	It is Daisy's first realization that she might be a lesbian.
4300	It is easier to work on your goals that way.
4301	It is easy to setup and install if you follow the instructions provided.
4302	It is extremely important to perform cloud DR testing that simulates a real recovery following a major catastrophe.
4303	It is fun to play until someone gets a blue shell.
4304	It is great to be aware of this group.
4305	It is highly and can be transmitted through sexual intercourse as well as by sharing needles (drug abusers).
4306	It is how you beat the competition.
4307	It is ignorance that makes them that way.
4308	It is just a proof of concept, but if someone wants to build on it, feel free to download the source and let me know what you come up with.
4309	It is just to sad.
4310	It is not affected by statements such as that modify the grant tables indirectly.
4311	It is not a perfect solution by any means.
4312	“It is not at all clear that he did… But this is entirely beside the point.”
4313	It is not clear, however, that this language always serves us well.
4314	It is not the United States.
4315	It is now over 24 hours since I submitted them and they are still pending.
4316	It isn't just on-demand video services like Netflix and Amazon that are taking customers away from cable.
4317	It isn’t necessarily the achievements that make us happy; it’s a sense that we’re spending our time in a way that leverages our talents and aligns with our passions and values.
4318	It is one of the best books I've read this year.
4319	It is one of the most highly regarded garden squares in London with its famous white stucco terraces, overlooking a large expanse of private lawned gardens, enjoyed only by the residents of the square.
4320	It is our sincere hope that by increasing understanding and awareness of domestic violence we will improve societal responses to, and increase protection for, women and children affected by abuse.
4321	It is purely one of the primary blogging tips.
4322	It is quite evident to from the original title and description that the site is hacked/hijacked.
4323	It is really a big threat, i don’t know why people forget to unset it.
4324	"It is really our responsibility at the local level to maintain the accuracy and the integrity of the registration system," said Sangamon County Clerk Don Gray.
4325	It is shiny but has no substance.
4326	‘It is simple enough to tie loops into a length of cord but you need those loops to stay open.’
4327	It is so easy to get caught up in the feeling that everything we read has to be something we can use at work.
4328	It is sponsored by Environments for Humans.
4329	It is sturdy and beautiful.
4330	It is the best safe treatment and offers a hint to abscesses and defective growths.
4331	It is the highest law.
4332	It is the hopper’s opinion that is not an optimal day to eat out.
4333	It is thought to capture an unfortunate truth about empathy: While a single crying child or injured puppy tugs at our heartstrings, large numbers of suffering people, as in epidemics, earthquakes and genocides, do not inspire a comparable reaction.
4334	It is unlikely there will be significant size reduction.
4335	It is very interesting and mind boggoling at the same time to know that there are many different agencies just to process and handle our food.
4336	It is washable!
4337	It is why we baked a similar approach deep into the Cloudant data layer service, it is why trigger-based processing is now available in HBase, and it is a primary reason that Twitter Storm is gaining momentum for real-time processing of stream data.
4338	It it beneath the Intercept’s level of integrity.
4339	It just gets kicked back to the legislative branch for the time being where the Republicans still seem intent on a repeal.
4340	It just happened when this most recently update came out.
4341	It just happens to have the added bonus of looking like I'm helping a person other than myself.
4342	It just makes you want to quit life.”
4343	It just means it does things in a different way.
4344	It just works for everyone, especially in your lap and nothing has dethroned it.
4345	It kind of mobius loops around in an exploitive figure 8. The dumb trying to protect people they think are too dumb to spend their money how they please.
4346	IT Leader, Town of MiltonFrank Adili is the IT leader at the Town of Milton and is responsible for supporting Town services including: Corporate Services, Community Services, Planning and Development, Executive Services, Engineering, and Fire.
4347	It'll be great for showcasing your photography.
4348	It look positively dreamy, swoon-worthy and delicious!
4349	It looks better when you decide on the university computer science rank of computer science, Algorithms, Computer networks, Operating systems, Web technologies, Databases and Computer Architecture are few to mention.
4350	It looks like a nice neighbourhood Beccy.
4351	It looks like before they shut down they changed the focus of the company towards more social interaction relating to television and no longer on the apps.
4352	It makes little sense.
4353	It makes you hungry, reduces the natural signals that tell you you're full, and may even temporarily make food taste better.
4354	It means putting obstacles in your characters’ paths, ones they’ll have to struggle to get past.
4355	“It means that essentially that every US action is now up for negotiation in some way or other in the future.”
4356	It might be Eric … Oh yeah Eric, that’s a big one.
4357	It might be instructive to consider how the figures above have come to light.
4358	It might be necessary to adjust the two inverted screws to get them the right depth to poke through the canopy and yet still be secured to the ceiling.
4359	It might be unconventional, but it’s love!
4360	It might be "wrong" but for me it would be helpful anyway, because I would not have to change all my formulas in Excel checking for "NULL" to checking for "".
4361	It might not feel empathy, which is not an essential feature of intelligence but instead an emotion installed by a particular evolutionary history and culture.
4362	It needs some usability testing done on it IMO.
4363	It not loaded up with a bunch of silicones which sure, they’ll add moisture but they’ll also add a bunch of build up as well.
4364	It offers a considerable number of machine learning models such as support vector machines for classification and regression, hidden Markov models, multiple kernel learning, linear discriminant analysis, linear programming machines, and perceptrons.
4365	It offers eLearning courses in situational awareness, business continuity, ergonomics, and emergency response procedures.
4366	It offers good value for money for families.
4367	I told her I knew parting ways was the right thing for us, but I was 30 now, and a small part of me worried I would not recover in time to have the life I wanted.
4368	I told you, I’m constantly blending bits of inspiration!
4369	It only looks at the raw figures of marriages each year vs. the number of divorces.
4370	It only works on teammates you can see, so anyone behind a wall or inside a nearby building will not gain the effects of the shield.
4371	I took a couple weeks off, it went away, and it hasn’t come back.
4372	I took care of that for you, just give it up to 24 hours to start working!
4373	I took my one Siamese I had at the time a few times, but he was so afraid, I didn’t take him often.
4374	I took them for several years before becoming aware of the long-term damage that can take place.
4375	It plays at every gate, and every bar, and at the screens over baggage claim in Atlanta (CNN’s headquarters).
4376	It powers mission-critical applications responsible for massive revenue streams for organizations ranging from major airlines to global insurance companies.
4377	It previously could auto detect only Oracle databases.
4378	I transferred it to a piping bag fitted with a large star tip and piped swirls of icing on the top edge of the cake.
4379	It really is something else being involved in an epic event than it is hearing, watching or reading about it.
4380	It really sucks the fun out of reading when you have to pick a book within your required sentence length instead of within your interests.
4381	It really takes away the sparkle when it’s a toss of a coin between you and another girl.
4382	It receives financial contributions from (RED)®, a charity organization founded in 2006 to engage businesses in the fight against AIDS.
4383	It reminds me of what Ace used to do back in the day.
4384	I tried desparately to dissuade her, I offered to make a chocolate cake.
4385	I tried how steadily I could maintain the ray upon the eye.
4386	I tried listening to STILL LIFE on tape.
4387	I tried out the marker on a spare piece of fabric first - I was a bit doubtful about it actually erasing completely but this marker is amazing and literally disappeared completely in a split second as soon as it touched water.
4388	I try not to read my own reviews.
4389	Its 390-horsepower V8 allows it to tow up to 9,400 pounds.
4390	It's a 7th floor Multistorey Apartment in a building of total 14 floors.
4391	It's a beautiful letter!
4392	It's a black rectangle.
4393	It’s about high school, marriage, intense pressure on young children, bullying, class, and violence.
4394	It’s about making predictions for humanity based on our mixed feelings of hope and anxiety.
4395	It’s about making sure the waiters know what’s available.
4396	It’s absolutely phenomenal.
4397	It's a dynamic matrix of visually driven bite-sized content optimized for screenagers young and old.
4398	It's a fantastic book to share with others!
4399	Its a five star process that is ran by five star people, it just doesn't get any better than this.
4400	"It's a good way to unwind after a tough work week!"
4401	It's a gorgeous, light-filled building that looks out over a butling strip of water, and it's packed with delicious eats.
4402	It’s a great city!
4403	It's a great workout, but the biggest reason I train is I want to be a formidable senior citizen.
4404	It's a heartwarming story told with high energy, not to mention an effective seminar on crisis management and a persuasive advertisement for Canadian tourism.
4405	It’s a highly educated group.
4406	It’s a highly stressful situation that might, paradoxically, make drugs even more tempting.
4407	It’s a hole-in-the-wall (but stylish) Mexican place with just a few tables, offering tacos ($3 each) and burritos ($8) served up with Tecate beer and margaritas.
4408	It’s a little like that: a web of baseless conspiracy theories.
4409	It’s a living nightmare.
4410	Its allot easier then trying to roll it out and magically place it on top.
4411	It's all so natural.
4412	It's also a good refresher if you have some experience with these topics.
4413	It’s also interesting, if you’re a fan of human spaceflight.
4414	It’s also the outdated, distorted way in which we perceive not-sitting—as a compartmentalized cure to be scheduled in, a few times a week.
4415	It’s also working with Bernhardt Design on a new furniture collection and another big development that it’s keeping mum on for now.
4416	It's amazing that Guerrieri gets anything done, for his unmoored mind is constantly meandering through his past as a student, lawyer, lover and reader.
4417	It's a more detailed display of how you've helped many companies and the internet at large become a safer place.
4418	“It’s a much larger issue than just a single traveler.
4419	It's an early Christmas present!
4420	It’s an honor to be a sister that is coming.
4421	It’s an impressionistic mood piece, shot in black and white and heavily influenced by the rhythms of the French New Wave, but it also showcases a winning combination of Baumbach’s cutting sarcasm and Gerwig’s dorky optimism.
4422	“It’s an oil-free, lightweight formula that delivers plant-derived salicylic acid and probiotics to promote clear, healthy-looking skin,” says the brand’s director of education, Lisamarie Garguilo.
4423	It's an older genre of animal story, where the animals are more anthropomorphous and the action is gentler, even when it involves something that could be scary like shipwrecks or pirates.
4424	It's another big challenge to go up there, but I'm looking forward to it.
4425	It’s another one of her historical novels, which I haven’t enjoyed as much as her contemporary fiction till now.
4426	It’s another survival mechanism.
4427	It’s a perfect time to get new glasses, go to the dentist or update medical equipment.
4428	It's a plan two years in the making.
4429	It's a quandary, and one that Marvel has tried multiple approaches to resolve.
4430	It’s a really interesting idea, if you haven’t found the one thing that you’re going to do in January.
4431	It's a ruined country.
4432	It’s as if you live in a linear-only mental world, where nothing ever goes non-linear.
4433	It’s a silent statement entirely by itself: “She's taking up more space by spreading herself out,” Brown says.
4434	Its a story about two females Violet and Audrey and how their individual dreams collide to shape up their future.
4435	It’s a subtle but important difference, adding such phrases — “At this point,” “If there are ever any changes,” “transparent” — that are definitely a shade more unclear and allow for any possible changes to come."
4436	It's a three-part series, with a lot going for it.
4437	It’s a thrill to receive fan mail from as far away as Portugal, Greece and Bangladesh, which reinforces the “small world” concept.
4438	It’s a trend mirrored across the country: Communities coast to coast are diverting funds that could be used for social services to policing.
4439	"It's a trick of the trade.
4440	It's a weird, and very small gesture, I suppose.
4441	It’s basically a criminal organization, which is why I haven’t bought anything from them in years.
4442	Its basis is founded through a cycle of sense, comprehend, act and learn – and allow us to develop a new, natural relationship between human and machines.
4443	It’s beautifully written, mesmerizing and tragic, thought-provoking, and a reaffirmation of faith….
4444	It's because I voted for Donald Trump and that is not allowed in Hollywood."
4445	It's been a busy few weeks here as we've wrapped up the first round of the Android Developer Challenge.
4446	It's been in the teens and lower around Morehead this week.
4447	It’s been more than six years since I chose to start freelance writing.
4448	It’s been very busy for me recently at work and I haven’t had much time to spend on WinPwn.
4449	It’s breakfast, lunch, and dinner all in one.
4450	It’s bright for the Phillies too.
4451	It’s definitely a strategy for the record book: Just take a bunch of your standout ideas and do them all.
4452	It’s designed to be everything you need to know to begin birdwatching in your own backyard.
4453	It's difficult to draw any informed conclusions from such reports without definitive stats from Snapchat on overall use, but it does underline the somewhat volatile relationship Snapchat has had with advertisers and publishing partners.
4454	It’s difficult to predict how eating activated charcoal will impact each individual person, and ingesting too much could have significant implications.
4455	It’s easier in theory to address root causes when the threat is private violence, since the US can expect support rather than resistance from the government.
4456	It's easier to press the button when you have the phone in the right hand.
4457	It seemed heavy on the liquid even after I went two rounds with flour/water mixture trying to get it to thicken.
4458	It seemed like just the other day I was running out of school—in slow motion, with wind blowing in my hair—while a narrator told the story of my amazing and super exciting summer plans.
4459	It seemed to be a very good system.
4460	It seems as if the industry believes horse-interest stops right at Junior High, and there are no older, edgier horse-centric titles.
4461	It seems that it's now possible to add additional nameservers, but not possible to delete the default ones.
4462	It seems that some physicians believe that having a nice hot one night stand could stimulate your sexual health and also give a much-needed boost to your overall well-being.
4463	It seems that the complicated empathy system in the brain malfunctions in people with Asperger's, leading to great difficulty accessing or understanding the emotions of others.
4464	It’s essential in the production of estrogens and progesterone.
4465	It’s funny how Etsy always sets definitions and rules that it doesn’t follow itself.
4466	"It's fun to play with your food a little bit."
4467	It's getting pretty messy.
4468	It’s going to be exciting!
4469	It's going to get scrapped.
4470	It’s handcrafted from stoneware clay and has a unique footed base which adds to her charm.
4471	It’s hardly surprising that the candidate who has made building a wall on the Mexican border the centerpiece of his campaign and wants to ban Muslims from the country would be preoccupied with the imaginary threat of non-citizen voting.
4472	It's hard not to be intimidated by the ocean of books out there.
4473	It’s hard to imagine an American government frowning on a Ukraine that wishes to turn to the west and elect its own government free of Russian influence.
4474	It’s hot, if you’re into that.
4475	It shows Americans can be united behind something – and united by something larger than themselves.
4476	It's illegal to not report a crack in the worlds, punishable by death, even, but the fact that somewhere else exists gives Elliot both frustration, and faith -- both a little corner of what he needs.
4477	It's important that we remember ourselves as humans with emotions and recognize how our emotions affect our behavior and decisions.
4478	It’s important to call the company that supplies their meat to find out if it’s grass finished.
4479	It’s important to note that your video doesn’t have to be perfectly produced either; it just has to be interesting and useful.
4480	It's in an objectively great location, down the street from Shinola Detroit, Traffic Jam & Snug and Motor City Brewing Works, but Jolly Pumpkin will become the only place in restaurant in Detroit the brews and serves their own sour beer.
4481	It’s inarguable that China is an important figure in the global economy and the international political arena.
4482	It's in the room at every meal.
4483	It’s just a good way to keep track of your health as well as how much money you spend.
4484	It’s just a happy coincidence that so many other bullish hints are falling into place.
4485	It's just a roundup of the rumors this year to reveal how accurate they are and what to possibly expect this upcoming year.
4486	It's just those stupid microsoft fanboys trying to sound relevant.
4487	“It’s lawsuits like these that are going to put our family farms out of business, that end up ruining the economy of North Carolina for tens of thousands of workers,” Forest said.
4488	It’s like a reality show, but with politicians.
4489	“It’s like if you welcome them into your house,” Simeon says.
4490	It’s like me and Pop. I’ll love him no matter what.”
4491	“It’s like putting together a cabinet.
4492	Its like saying 500 calories of ice cream is no different than 500 calories of chicken and potatoes and veggies.
4493	It’s like what we were talking about before.
4494	It’s literally named Stoner Park.
4495	It’s low hanging fruit.
4496	Its message speaks to readers of any age.
4497	It’s more like a gingerbread dough not crumb at all!
4498	"It’s more likely that the stones were first used in a local monument, somewhere near the quarries, that was then dismantled and dragged off to Wiltshire.”
4499	It's my name in the paper and for that I'm on my knees in gratitude.
4500	“It’s nasty when you set us up then bet us up/You overnight big rifles then tell Fox to be scared of us/Gang members or terrorists, et cetera et cetera/America’s reflections of me: that’s what a mirror does”
4501	It's nearly halfway through the school year and *finally* winter break is about to begin!
4502	It’s nice to see her in action, and the prospect of Montez being a far more successful and less petty president than Selina has a lot of comedic potential.
4503	It’s not a moralistic blanket covering the fires of creativity.
4504	It’s not changing or replacing anything, it’s merely streamlining the process.
4505	It’s not crazy to imagine that occurring in Philadelphia if Kelly makes the switch to Sanchez.
4506	It’s not easy to come out with new recipes which are economical, simple and healthy.
4507	It's not just about the physical violence, it's about the post-traumatic violence and the societal violence and the violences of our stories.
4508	It’s not like he just ordered troops into Iraq without Congress giving him the nod.
4509	It’s not like horrible sad but it’s sad.
4510	It’s not like Moroder said anything about the drink onstage.
4511	It’s not only Flash you kill today, is whatever kind of respect developer may have for Adobe.
4512	It's not sugar, it almost looks like the sweetened condensed milk curdled.
4513	It's not that I expect to be the most self-aware show on television, or that he'd be there in person, but I thought Chris Harrison would at least say a line or two to assure Bachelor Nation the investigation is ongoing.
4514	It’s not that I’m a greedy bottom-feeder, but I have moments in which I imagine myself a potential remora to Hugh the shark.
4515	It’s not that Kelly Clarkson created a new form of pop star by edging out her competition in weekly a democratic phone-in election.
4516	It's not unusual for drugs taken by people to end up as contaminants in harbors and waterways surrounding cities, including antibiotics and cocaine.
4517	It's no wonder she penned what's widely regarded as one of the scariest books with one of the most chilling opening paragraphs of all time (just ask Stephen King).
4518	It’s official: Donald Trump has nominated Dr. Ben Carson to head the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development, the agency responsible for addressing community- and housing-related issues and laws.
4519	It’s okay to not know what you want to do, or to have a plan for a lifelong career.
4520	Its one of those cases where I really hope I'm wrong.
4521	“It’s on me,” Dana said.
4522	It’s perfect…but last year’s.
4523	Its poster, with a typeface inspired by 1983's Risky Business in hot pink contrasted against its dark blues, seems to have set out an indelible vision of that aesthetic.
4524	Its protocol is specific to Python, thus, cross-language compatibility is not guaranteed.
4525	It's quite possible to disagree and not work for one of those companies.
4526	It’s really all about variety.
4527	It's really cool that I get to go out and talk about myself.
4528	It’s really quite amazing to think about!
4529	It ‘s really very nice and Useful post.
4530	It’s safe to say that being a baseball player was an important part of my identity.
4531	It’s set in the 1980s and puts viewers in the body of a Japanese robot that share’s the project’s name.
4532	It’s simple, but fits in nicely with the band’s pop-focused approach to punk.
4533	It's simple to do, holds lots of filling, and looks great too.
4534	It’s so frustrating, but he is encouraged by this series of articles and wants to try changing his diet.
4535	It's soft and silky, packed with iron, and it makes gluten-free baked goods heavenly.
4536	"It’s so soft and gorgeous and so strong.
4537	It's stressful too.
4538	It's such a nice mix of classical and hip-hop—a very specific kind of hip-hop—and then all the other sound elements and nuances that help make our story what it is.
4539	It’s super fast.
4540	It's sure to be one of my favorites this year!
4541	It started off as “nothing serious,” spontaneous thoughts like jumping in front of traffic, but before long these thoughts became all-consuming, a way out.
4542	It starts with a highly specialized GPU parallel processor and continues through system design, software, algorithms, and optimized applications.
4543	It’s that three-digit credit score number that has fast become more important than your bright smile and charming personality for landing a second date with your love interest.
4544	It’s the antithesis of the taut, high-strung fire-breathers that telegraph their stress to the driver and leave this 61-year-old wrung out after a couple of hours.
4545	It’s the cauliflower gratin I made for Easter Brunch before everyone devoured it.
4546	It’s the inspiring, magical story of a happily married couple, Cindy and Jim Green (Jennifer Garner and Joel Edgerton), who can’t wait to start a family but can only dream about what their child would be like.
4547	It's the milk in your cereal and the monster under your bed.
4548	It's the more subtle forms of censorship that are really insidious.
4549	It's the morning after the hissy fit and I'm still feeling whiny and horrible.
4550	It’s the need to feel a sense of inclusion, acceptance into a world seemingly created just for them and others like them.
4551	It still bugs me after 15 years of use.
4552	It’s time for some fairytale psycho-analysis.
4553	“It’s time,” she said.
4554	It's time to get cooking!
4555	It's twice as expensive, but includes a night light and two-way talk.
4556	It suggests how you can help your child understand and deal with cyberbullying, and how you can work with the school and the community to encourage positive relationships and promote inclusive cultures.
4557	It's very likely the N10 that was tested was either not the final product or wasn't optimized correctly, or both.
4558	It’s very possible that a lot of the smallest niches in the market will be filled by “good enough” targeted to a very narrow audience.
4559	“It’s very promising as a creative form of philanthropy,” says Noah Berger, president of the Massachusetts Budget Policy Center.
4560	It’s very soothing.
4561	It’s your bread and butter run.
4562	It takes a little while to defrost, so I usually take out the dessert portions I want to use for dinner either in the morning and leave them in the fridge or before I start cooking dinner and leave them on the counter.
4563	It takes a talented artist to create images for a story about whales without using tons and tons of blue.
4564	It takes me more than twelve strokes to get from here to there …
4565	It takes most of a day to drive west from Baku to Shekki, in the northwest corner of Azerbaijan, although the odometer measures the trip at only some 250 kilometers (155 mi) long.
4566	It tasted like the part of the prime rib you cut around.
4567	It turns out they were working together coaching a Little League baseball team.
4568	It updates the X-E2S, which was itself a fairly minor update to the X-E2, so brings a number of welcome upgrades like touch control.
4569	I turn to James Baldwin because he understands anger and disparity and oppression, and his words help center and focus my desire for vengeance into something more dangerous to the powers that be.
4570	It very well could be Apple.
4571	It was a big deal for Melanie Kennedy, a former accountant from Bangor, Northern Ireland, to indulge in a massage at the spa at Culloden Estate and Spa in Belfast this year.
4572	It was action packed one minute then draggy the next.
4573	It was actually introduced by Monty Hall on the original Let's Make a Deal in the ‘70s.
4574	It was a documentary that chronicled the journey of Chris Uba andNgige.
4575	"It was a factor," he told ESPN Radio.
4576	It was a hit at the box office.
4577	It was all boxed up and sent off to the Mailing service on Friday, so it should start showing up in about 10 days, unless you are in Canada, then for some reason you seem to get it much quicker.
4578	"It was an effort for them to reduce their investment costs and improve their store level returns.
4579	It was as much a performance as it was a meal.
4580	It was a stop we really looked forward to and it didn't disappoint.
4581	It was a very attractive cookie, but not like any macaroon cookie I’ve every tasted before.
4582	It was beautiful, yet as Leopold Bailey had given her the ring, its red stones on the golden band reminded Anne of sunlight pierced by drops of blood.
4583	It was during his tenure DuSable obtained a $10 million grant from the state and convinced the city to donate its 66,000-square-feet Roundhouse addition.
4584	“It was felt that the move would not help the cooperative sector much,” the official said, adding that this category includes more than 2.2 million farmers.
4585	It was four pages, each page containing one sentence.
4586	It was F Scott Fitzgerald who famously said that there are no second acts in American lives.
4587	It was greatly needed.
4588	It was interesting and it was completely foreign to me, at least on the cultural/ethnic level.
4589	“It was just a devastating feeling the first time the measure failed,” said State Rep. Corey Mock, a Democrat and the House minority leader, recalling the 2009 vote in his chamber.
4590	"It was much harder now, lying in his grave, knowing that he might have lived happily with far less grief than it took to live afraid."
4591	It wasn’t that Coates doesn’t have opinions or a strong foundation of solid journalism to draw from.
4592	It wasn't until I found out that I had severe allergies to dairy and gluten that I forced myself to confront my fear of baking.
4593	It wasn't us -- it was you, righties.
4594	It was only a matter of time, but Snapchat has this week confirmed that their 3D World Lenses - which they introduced available as an ad optionWarner Bros and Bud Light partnering with Snapchat on the first iterations of the tool.
4595	“It was our first common goal,” says Niles.
4596	It was really hard to metabolize all these things that were happening, because you're right.
4597	It was so delicous, and my daughter and her frends loved the beautiful blue color.
4598	It was something we talked about from the very beginning.
4599	It was so unrealistic; it was beyond cruelty.
4600	It was such a great relief when I saw that bright red LED light up when I plugged the 9 volt 350mA wall wart.
4601	It was this act that spurred the research that allowed for the great leaps forward from that point.
4602	It was this: “Go and point out the fault when the two of your are alone.”
4603	It was understood that he only gave my mother a gift.
4604	It was well planned and expertly run.
4605	It whines like a was not available and would be devastating to me if it becomes available in a newer model as I feel I am "stuck" with this car.
4606	It will always be just one person.
4607	It will collect Lists, Prizes, our Top Ten and other ideas for what to read next, in addition to a little serendipity (my last reload of the page suggested Ann Packer, Ocean Vuong and Alice McDermott - I'm intrigued!).
4608	It will connect to the back of any Moto Z phone.
4609	It will never be the same.
4610	It will spell your name incorrectly when you are named the Rotarian of the Year and dox you with precision when you are cuffed and processed for driving drunk.
4611	It will take time to get into a flow with each other and settle into focusing on what you can create together.
4612	It will use Azure Pack to create a self-service portal that Jabil’s software developers can use to spin up their own virtual machines without involving the infrastructure staff.
4613	It won’t always make the customer happier, because the problem isn’t fixed, and it typically defaults to being the most expensive way to fix a small problem.
4614	It works 95% of the time, and it reduces the problems you’ll have twenty-fold.
4615	It works out well for us as she is here in the afternoons should I want to go for a run or meet a friend and to babysit when my husband comes home every second weekend.
4616	It works perfectly for us.”
4617	It works wonderfully for this cut of meat.
4618	It would be a great service to drinking Utahans if someone would publish a list of wineries that make wine fitting the Dry Farm Wines criteria that I could take with me to the state liquor store, the only place I can buy wine.
4619	It would be eight weeks before the Uggs would be delivered and her birthday was in ten days.
4620	It would be interesting to see data on which elements increased conversions and average order size the most.
4621	It would be lower than the blue line.
4622	It would be regarded as a mid-range model now.
4623	It would feel as though they were saying that I should be satisfied with what I had.
4624	"It would look great on the wall in your office, don't you think?"
4625	It would point out something common to other people that you could still have a unique perspective on.
4626	It would require Mayor Kenney’s appointments to the Board be approved by City Council in a public hearing.
4627	I understand that it’s a very popular opinion in this fandom that Bucky did not volunteer but was, in fact, drafted (there is an excellent meta about his number and what it might say about his involvement in the war).
4628	I used to collect pigs because my Dad was a livestock dealer and bought and sold pigs for a profit.
4629	I used to sell my cookies on Etsy, but now I focus only on teaching cookie decorating classes and producing online tutorials.
4630	I used to work for a “feeder” company that collects debtor records at the county level, they buy this public record stuff and resell it as fact.
4631	I used vanilla bean paste in my cream cheese icing last week.
4632	I use the Crypto-JS library, but its performance is horrible.
4633	I use the Domino brand and it has this really weird chalky taste to it that I couldn’t taste in the previous batch, as it was diluted with starch.
4634	I usually read the Special Editions, but I occasionally read the Super Romance line, too.
4635	I’ve actually been so happy and energetic lately that it’s gotten a bit on people’s nerves, lol.
4636	I’ve also heard he is going to compete in all 50 states!
4637	“I’ve always appreciated the barbershop culture and held to the mantra, ‘Look Good, Feel Good, Play Good.’
4638	“I’ve always been considered snarky and disapproving.”
4639	I’ve always been the type of person that enjoys giving others the tools to shine in the spotlight and that makes this one of the very best jobs for me personally.
4640	"I've always given the National Trust top marks for trying to save farms, but now they're just going against what they're meant to be about.
4641	I've been fascinated with handwriting since the eighth grade when I helped my English teacher grade handwritten papers.
4642	I’ve been on a hot streak with books about crime lately…both fiction and nonfiction.
4643	I've been reading and thinking a great deal about the ways we are/are not supporting our young children's social and emotional development in schools and the world these days.
4644	I’ve been reading your posts for years, you relish describing any American mistake.
4645	I’ve been saving this question for either my next book or my last Deadspin column, whichever came first.
4646	I’ve been thinking about these things for a while.
4647	I've been thinking about this concept for the past couple of weeks but have been too lazy to do anything about it.
4648	I've been trying to use that as a reason to eat potato salad 3 meals per day.
4649	I've been wanting to learn the secret of a LeNotre Kouglof for years and now is the time!
4650	I've been watching and not enjoying it at all this season.
4651	I've called her Minnie since I was a kid, and that's all she answers to!
4652	I've created a blog myself.
4653	I've decided to try a minimum number of hours per week as opposed to minimum number of words per day.
4654	I’ve definitely gotten over it, but for a couple years after, every time going to Telsey, I would have the worst anxiety.
4655	I’ve done exactly as csloser did in his tutorial, but i am also having difficulties getting it to work properly.
4656	I’ve enjoyed being your Malice and on-line friend for years, Judy.
4657	I've enjoyed the social commentary that's built into both episodes so far, e.g. about the stereotyping of blacks as criminals.
4658	I’ve found the solution.
4659	I’ve got to be honest…I put this book on my TBR list mostly because of the title.
4660	I’ve had the pleasure of strumming a few songs with Brent and he’s a great guitarist, but this type of blues is something really special.
4661	I've not been able to find info on this one.
4662	I’ve played both games but stuck with Rockband due to the infinitely superior downloadable content.
4663	I’ve really tried to think of my songwriting and music career as a small business.
4664	I’ve recently changed my exercise program from chronic cardio to more HIIT (3 x week).
4665	I’ve said a lot about Powell’s illogical and incorrect assertions, and made a few cracks about her character on the side, so I won’t go any farther except to say that I was disappointed in the piece.
4666	I’ve seen cookies and cakes with artwork printed on them online and in bakeries, but I didn’t realize this was something I could achieve at home.
4667	I’ve seen it several times recently, once in an ad advising young people to be tested for HIV.
4668	I’ve seen pictures of him.
4669	I’ve sometimes wondered if some of the Evangelical emphasis on decrying and drawing the line on what is and is not Biblical with no recognition of a centralized authority to define this question is a major contributing factor as well.
4670	I’ve started working on a side project in cartooning and illustration – partly because I believe many ideas are better communicated with a combination of text and visual elements.
4671	I’ve told my share of clients to “empty the cache” — to the point where I have seeked out and created a solution that works for all parties.
4672	I’ve tried to answer that question in several books over the years, including although I traveled with the band to every stop in their 1964 and 1965 American tours, I was always fascinated by the boys’ early days, before they climbed to the top.
4673	I've written many, many times about how starting a blog (among other things, but starting a blog was a big one) inspired me to look more carefully at my stuff, my spaces, my places.
4674	I wake up during the night out of discomfort and needing to change positions and I think that is my biggest hinderance to good sleep.
4675	I walk everywhere I can, bringing a notebook with me because I get many of my book ideas, and solve many book problems, while I'm walking (also while in the shower).
4676	I wanted, more specifically, to emulate the intensity of estratto, the potent rusty-red, putty-like Sicilian tomato paste laboriously worked by hand.
4677	I wanted to be interested in him, and men who keep bees are charming, don't you think?
4678	“I want to be clear,” Homan said.
4679	“I want to reach as many women as possible, to help them realise the potential that is within each and every one of them.”
4680	I want to try it out, but I can’t find it in my dashboard.
4681	I was a bit skeptical at first since I use the light/medium and it looks a bit orange coming out of the tube, but I was pleasantly surprised.
4682	I was actually taking a jab at PhoneArena for not listing those features in the Pros list for Android phones.
4683	I was actually welling-up while I was reading and trying to swallow the lump in my throat!
4684	I was a good daughter to my mom and have missed her every day since she left the earth in 1998.
4685	I was also driven by the landscape of the story.
4686	I was always taught that information like that is impertinent if you know you can and agree to help; since it can be read as intentionally trying to make someone feel bad for the inconvenience.
4687	I was a shitty messenger because, free in New York without supervision, I’d just buy loose joints for a dollar and go to the grind houses, where it was a triple bill—Bruce Lee, Melvin Van Peebles, and a revival film—all for three bucks.
4688	I was at the Newbery Caldecott banquet this year and it was amazing.
4689	I was born in 1970, the year that the parish that I was in finally integrated its schools.
4690	"I was convinced that Gregor was going to make an outstanding head coach for Scotland and we're delighted to have secured his services for the next three years, at a very exciting time for Scottish Rugby," said Dodson.
4691	I was fascinated by this book.
4692	I was fascinated with the stories of the bad food and the horrific ship passage.
4693	I was feeling creative, so I decided to try steaming Tofu.
4694	I was furious, and I was undeterred."
4695	I was happy about it.
4696	I was hoping they would edit before the grace period.
4697	I was less than half way down when I started to bemoan the fact that I live in a 3 story house and my bedroom is at the top.
4698	I was looking through some slides at my Dads house- waaay back (59-60) when we were little, we had two sister cats- Belle, & Julia- & when I looked at your photo, I saw Julia!
4699	I was lucky enough to come across this work as an electronic ARC from the publisher Angry Robot Books.
4700	I was mistakenly diagnosed 10 yrs ago with acid reflux & have been on 40mg of Nexium daily since.
4701	I was not raised in a Christian home, but I am an evangelical Christian now, and we see the value of women in the home…where I am now, joyfully homeschooling my two daughters by choice.
4702	I wasn’t thinking chocolate and I think I will still do a white cake one but this one looks divine!
4703	I was raised in the area, before and after it got blockbusted.
4704	I was rebelling against everything Nick wanted me to be.
4705	I was so captivated by these - absolutely lovely images - that I quickly went to the source, ready to place an order.
4706	I was so engaged in the story that I actually had to go back after finishing the book to see whether or not Taylor had continued to use present tense throughout the entire novel, because I honestly had no idea.
4707	I was specifying my programmer as stv500v1 when running avrdude (forgot to update my makefile).
4708	I was starting to worry - you might be living it up in LA land, writing film scripts and having your toes sucked by sycophants.
4709	I was suddenly insecure in a way I hadn’t ever been before — I’d chat with someone and then immediately be filled with self-doubt, picturing the other person walking away thinking I was an overbearing freak.
4710	I was surprised at how much she was enjoying the process, and how it didn’t seem to bother her when she would miss or screw up.
4711	I was sweaty and short of breath, sitting here in my chair, by the time I finished this quest.
4712	I was unable to fix this on my own so I wrote to their e-mail tech support and got the problem resolved.
4713	"I was very hopeless and tired.
4714	I watched flies knife through the shade of undercut banks, perch on the surface of deep pools and teeter past the wake of submerged logs — pictures that are foreign to a saltwater angler.
4715	I watched them cud- dle the cats, wash their fingers in the tap, heat water in a kettle.
4716	IWC has earned the coveted Butterfly Mark from Positive Luxury.
4717	I wear my tails.
4718	I went in just to assess it and I asked the security guard, “How is he?”
4719	I went to a top police officer in Chicago, who is not the police chief, and he—I could see by the way he was dealing with his people, he was a rough, tough guy.
4720	I will always shop with you.
4721	I will argue more emphatically that anti-Judaism can be traced back to Jesus himself, at least as he is portrayed in the Gospels.
4722	I will be applying in 2 weeks; if anyone has info beforehand it would be greatly appreciated.
4723	I will be billed for each bell prior to shipment.
4724	I will buy and read it.
4725	I will definitely continue with the series when the next book comes out.
4726	I will dive into specific implementation details of C++ compilers and windows heap structure and present it all on top of the IIS vulnerability example.
4727	I will see Tom for the first time in two years, in Berlin, this holiday.
4728	I will stick to this MEAP as I'd rather encourage the book completion.
4729	I will thank you very much.
4730	“I will train my mind and my body will follow”
4731	I will use my own reusable cup for coffee now instead of the paper cups.”
4732	I wish I could attend a cupcake camp!
4733	I wish I could learn more about the subtle ways flouride, chloramine and other chemicals in “clean” tapwater are impacting health, but the medical literature is conflicting in this area.
4734	I wish I had known that from the beginning (It is explained at the end of the book).
4735	I wish my father could have lived to see this day, as health care reform is about to be approved by the U.S. House of Representatives.
4736	I wish that were not the case.
4737	I wish there was a Go+ Family Plan similar to the Apple Music and Spotify Family plans so that all members in the household could share a subscription yet keep separate playlists, favorites, and subscriptions.
4738	I woke up the next morning to find out my mom had been throwing up all night from the shrimp dinner she got at BJ’s the night before.
4739	I wondered if we could ever walk past certain buildings without visualizing the water lines long after they'd been pressure washed clean.
4740	I wonder how this is any different.
4741	I wonder if it has to do with the National Animal Identification System and landlords not wanting any part of it.
4742	I wonder if there could be an appeal to feminists around the country to buy a stake (share) in the business — or is it also that the current staff cannot otherwise carry on.
4743	I wonder other authors have never thought of this.
4744	I wonder, when should one stop imagining better versions of better Gods?
4745	I won't bite, I promise.
4746	I won't spoil anything for you - just know that you will love Hank.
4747	I worked out at night for about 15 years and being in my mid-30’s now, my hormone levels are majorly messed up.
4748	I worked Overseas, I made it back to the USA in one piece.
4749	I worked with it.
4750	I worry that my lesser characters are a bit vanilla, but then, they live in rural Minnesota, which is rather vanilla to start with.
4751	I would assume that a damaged follicle would produce damaged hair until the follicle had time to repair itself.
4752	“I would be lying to you if I told you that I thought, ‘Hey, it was one of the best decisions I’ve made in my life’ at the time,” Ramji says.
4753	I would definitely recommend this book to a friend.
4754	I would have a few inputs as well also using JST connectors.
4755	I would know that I was alone.
4756	I would like to see a little more background on Innocent and David's relationship to each other.
4757	I would love lasagna for the holidays.
4758	I would much rather invest some time and money into buying a good setup and developing good systems (training, accounting, sales, etc) to set up a shop that builds itself.
4759	I would not return unless they actually had an artist alley, as most comic conventions does.
4760	I would pony up and go with Verizon directly page plus will screw up your account and yank you around.
4761	I would really like to know what makes white people so sure they are being nice about racial things.
4762	I would say that would be likely with most websites.
4763	I wrote this book because, in my work with executives, I’ve noticed a distinct gap in their toolkits.
4764	Jack and I have been working on an idea for about two years.
4765	Jack o' All Squashes When is a pumpkin a pumpkin and when is it not?
4766	JACK: The Struggles of John F. Kennedy by Herbert S. Parmet: Herbert Parmet is, I believe, Kennedy's best biographer, and this book is my favorite in the vast Kennedy literature.
4767	Jack went down into the golden circle and led Taylor Swift up onto the stage.
4768	Jacob's Orange Club Review I just thought you might like this Club biscuit anecdote.
4769	Jacoby isn’t the only one with the capability to make a strong impact on these projects.
4770	James' physical presence and dedication to a truthful performance has given him the pleasure of appearing in over 50 feature films, in numerous television projects (both episodic and long form), and on the New York stage.
4771	Jamison's words, torqued to a perfect balance, shine brightly, allowing both fury and wonder to open inside us.”
4772	JAMS is proud to announce it will be a Silver Sponsor of the Global Pound Conference series for 2016-2017.
4773	Jan-Coos sits on the investment committee of the Social Business Trust, helping social enterprises to scale in order to maximise the positive impact they make.
4774	January looks to be a great month for books!
4775	JAPAN: LG Household & Health Care Ltd’s Japanese subsidiary Ginza Stefany Cosmetics Co. has acquired Avon Japan for ¥10.5 billion (approximately $96.5 million).
4776	Jasmine Thomas introduced her to everyone on the bench and hugged the family.
4777	Jason Day won for the first time here.
4778	Jason Fried and others had been preaching this message for years, but it took far too long for it to sink in with me.
4779	Jasper Marsalis: I had a brief collecting stint buying dollar-bin records, but I was just doing it because I wanted to make beats.
4780	JavaScript Snippet Pack: a collection of useful snippets for JavaScript.
4781	JavaScript that's preventing the window.onload event from firing.
4782	Jeff Braun of Fort Bend's Office of Emergency Management provided the data during a 6-month update on Harvey's impact for the county's commissioners court.
4783	Jenner shares the duty of modeling her Calvin's with many in her clique, including Bella Hadid, Karlie Kloss, and Justin Bieber.
4784	Jennifer completed her post-grad internship at Hazelden Betty Ford.
4785	Jennifer goes to get the ambulance.
4786	Jessie is the youngest of The New Pioneers’ main characters.
4787	Jesus spent a night under Caiaphas’ watch before being handed over to Pontius Pilate.
4788	Jimmy Breslin, one of the giants of New York journalism, died this weekend, just months after the loss of columnists Wayne Barrett and Nat Hentoff.
4789	Jin Wang, who grew up in San Francisco's Chinatown, is having trouble fitting in at his new school, where he's one of only a few Asian-American students.
4790	Joey Gallo went 0 for 1 Wednesday as the Texas Rangers beat the Kansas City Royals 3-2.
4791	John Cole, you encouraged these asshole posters to comment in such despicable thoughtless ways, so shortly after Russert’s death, with your original post (and the update didn’t help).
4792	John Fox is the executive director of content for athenahealth, a brand that has been a Contently client for years.
4793	John Lindgren's Llewellin setter held a rock-solid point, her nose riveted.
4794	Joie, Shoes, Women, page 2 at 6pm.com on orders $50 or more!
4795	Join Astoria as she cruises north from Hull and into the the unforgettable scenery of the.
4796	Join developers, sysadmins, DevOps professionals,.
4797	Jokes on her bc I'm a 20 year old virgin.
4798	Jonathan holds an in Mechanical Engineering & Robotics from the Politecnico of Milano.
4799	Jonathan, you're such a good sport!
4800	Jones said the achievements of athletes such as Louis, Owens and Robinson fit the message of self-worth that King sought to deliver to black people.
4801	Jose Colagrossi, another sports marketing consultant, agreed.
4802	Journal during the time when you do your daily Bible study.
4803	JSON can represent all of the core values you typically write in JavaScript: strings, numbers, and Boolean values, as well as arrays and objects that use these kinds of values in them.
4804	Judging by creepy cameraman’s physique and pitiful demeanor, any one of our Capitol Hill amazons could put this guy down easily.
4805	Julianne Moore, winning best actress for portrayal of a linguistics professor diagnosed with early-onset Alzheimer's disease, told the audience, "There is no such thing as best actress, as evidenced by the performances of my fellow nominees."
4806	Julian piercing his ear and the hole healing so he tries over and over again.
4807	Jumbo shrimp, beef and chicken sautéed with zucchini, onion, green bell pepper, red dry pepper and.
4808	Junger shares personal anecdotes and direct experiences from the trenches of Afghanistan.
4809	Junot Díaz was born in the Dominican Republic and raised in New Jersey.
4810	Jupiter is a former child actor and orphan living with his aunt and uncle and the brains of the group.
4811	Jurnee Smollett-Bell will reunite with "" showrunner and co-creator in the upcoming HBO series "."
4812	Just 10% of companies met this deadline.
4813	Just a coincidence, I’m sure!
4814	Just a couple months ago, Nike teamed up with Kendrick Lamar to make merch for his current tour with the other signees on his record label TDE.
4815	Just a few more pictures.”
4816	Just a few sentences per page.
4817	Just a few years ago it seemed like bitcoin was a singular force, which in retrospect was incredibly naive since it's open source tech managed by a bunch of fighting nerds.
4818	Just after I started taking it as prescribed, I’ve noticed some skin changes, rashes, spots, that recently developed drastically.
4819	Just a heads up, one particular shade, Graceful, was a really beautiful show stopping shade.
4820	Just as powerful as VIM but Emacs is generally not installed on a lot of distributions as well.
4821	Just as reading is something I do on my own, it is something I share with others.
4822	Just be patient and spend some time learning materials of our website.
4823	Just be sure to ask for the fattier cuts.
4824	Just cause it’s so unusual.
4825	Just don’t get upset.”
4826	Just finding the image of the cover ofI’m Trying to Love Spiders makes me laugh.
4827	Just for the record, Jesus was indeed dark skinned.
4828	Just give her plenty of opportunities to practice, preferably on a blanket or a mat that will cushion the occasional (and, sadly, inevitable) noggin-bonk on the floor.
4829	Just how in the hell are they going to enforce a law mandating that every individual buy health insurance?
4830	Justice and religion are two completely separate ideas.
4831	Justin Torres, author of Under the Udala Tree is is an evocative, fiercely told story about a woman's life, about family and love, and about becoming who you are meant to be.
4832	Just kidding Don, I appreciate you posting.
4833	Just like a good book or film, there can’t be too many tonal shifts within your website.
4834	Just like our last example session, since there is no other pageview, the calculation for time on page for /home will still be 0 seconds since /home is the exit page for the session.
4835	Just like their location on Hudson street.
4836	Just look at all the people who smoke themselves to death, or eat themselves to death, or worry themselves to death, or work themselves to death…
4837	Just look to The Kitchen around the corner for a type of place that this area flocks to.
4838	“Just make certain that you structure the game so that it’s winnable, and then you can get the treat.
4839	Just make sure to rinse it well before serving.
4840	Just need a before & after floor plan, a little more color & ME in it!
4841	Just nipping in to say that I'm going to be doing a semi-informal signing on my last night in Budapest.
4842	JUST NOW: On the Senate floor, McConnell withdrew Ryan Bounds judicial nomination from the floor vote for further consideration because said he needed more time to review his record in light of racist views that we flagged in February.
4843	Just put your email address in to “Join The Community” here at walkingthetext.com and you’ll receive an email each time a new teaching is released.
4844	Just remember to make your change before July 1!
4845	Just to explain a bit, hosting is like renting a place, only on the internet.
4846	Just two months later, the council reversed its decision.
4847	Just two percent said you should offer up your seat when a woman is within her first 12 weeks of pregnancy.
4848	Just wanted to respond to a few questions raised here.
4849	Just when a bank loan falls due with Cord $5000 short, Nevada Britain, the only member of the wealthy Britain family left in Harmony, shows up with a proposition for Cord.
4850	Just when you think you know exactly who killed Sutton, you're thrown for yet another loop.
4851	Juxtaposed with and inspired by his story are Marilyn Nelson's poems, which appear on the right-hand pages.
4852	J. was there with a lawyer during the student court proceeding.”
4853	Kabe performed well against NewBee, but failed to secure a win for QG Reapers.
4854	Kahlil’s still in surgery.
4855	Kaiser Permanente Capitol Hill Campus in Seattle, WA is not nationally ranked in any specialty.
4856	Kalyani was twelve.
4857	Kameron's looks don't necessarily pierce that part of my heart that makes me squeal "yassss kween!" but I appreciate the craft that goes into them.
4858	Kamp activities include a music program, group skits/performances, integrated water activities, expressive arts, outdoor education, and non-competitive sports.
4859	KANSAS AFFAIRS.; Proceedings of the Legislature--Location of the Captial.
4860	Karen, thank you for this list.
4861	Karnow pointed to "self help" provisions that allow citizens to take action to mitigate an obvious nuisance as a way of dealing with intruders and so-called zombie servers.
4862	Karra nodded and left the room.
4863	"Kate and I applaud their efforts to take a stand for the benefit of this and future generations.
4864	Kate Cocchiarella is the president of the Board of Education of Eagle County Schools.
4865	Kaycee shares with me that part of the reason that she doesn’t feel like having sex is her lack in body confidence now that she is a parent and that she just doesn’t measure up to the unrealistic body images that her husband finds in pornography.
4866	Keep better track of your bid adjustments.
4867	Keep checking back here for interviews – once a week we will post them right here on the SmartAsset blog.
4868	Keep detailed notes about how you feel after your workouts, the next day, etc. If performance slumps, you know you need to keep tweaking.
4869	Keeping strictly to what he has experienced, DeMarco shows how many aids we may find in life.
4870	Keep in mind that it’s an area that is in constant change, sometimes quite dramatic, for example, since the original research was undertaken in Nigeria, the Opera user base in this country has tripled.
4871	Keep in mind – they are still burnable, but do not meet my standard aesthetically.
4872	Keep the checkout to as few pages as necessary.
4873	Keep up the good work everybody.
4874	Keep your knee of the center of your foot at a 90-degree angle.
4875	Kellye, yes to Malice!
4876	Kelly Ramsdell FinemanNovember 25, 2014 at 10:42 am“…ask any pre-K kid to pick up his favorite book and read it to you and he will read you that thing six ways to Saturday.
4877	“Ken Griffey Jr. never played in the World Series.
4878	Ken said it was fried perfectly, making it taste light and crunchy.
4879	Kept my attention all the way through!
4880	Kern River Tours offers a menu of trips that range in both length and heart-pounding factor.
4881	Kerr is to be prosecuted by the information commissioner for breaking data protection laws.
4882	Kersha Deibel, the project director of Generation Z, Planned Parenthood Federation of America, explains why young people in particular need to be concerned about this latest attack.
4883	Kevin got brain freeze.
4884	Key elements include improved missiles, advanced jet fighters, and expanding naval forces and bases overseas.
4885	Key to the prosecution case were the witnesses that belatedly came forward with details of the murder: Craig's former girlfriend, ; Craig's cousin, Luke Morris; and an associate of Craig's named Jeffrey Moore.
4886	Keyword-stuffed text was hard for people to read and did little to improve each user’s experience.
4887	Khalifa filed jointly with Njonjo Mue, Kenya’s chairman of the International Commission of Jurists.
4888	Khalil Cavil claimed to have received a racist note on a receipt from a customer but he made it up.
4889	Kia found herself first a single mother of three, and then, due to Cyprus’ banking collapse, unemployed.
4890	Kids can get messy with homemade chalk, Gyotaku printmaking, fossil creation, and much more.
4891	Kids play hard, and they forget stuff.
4892	Kilauea erupted on Thursday, sending lava shooting into the air in a residential neighborhood and prompting mandatory evacuation orders for nearby homes.
4893	Kim claimed that "the world will see a major change", while described him as "a very talented man" who "loved his country very much", and appeared willing to invite him to visit the White House.
4894	Kind of like Prefs in Unity--simple key/value store.
4895	King George was a shy man who had a terrible problem with stammering so being thrust into the unexpected role of a king caused him great stress.
4896	Kingman Arizona a warning in the local newspaper tells people to watch for counterfeit Xanax tablets that contain cyclopropyl fentanyl, methamphetamine and FUB-AKB48, a synthetic cannabinoid.
4897	Knights of Pen and Paper 2 is a sequel to one of the more successful RPGs on mobile.
4898	Knoedelseder tells the story in ways both large and small, weaving the history of the company with the history of Detroit and the Earl family as examines the effect of the automobile on America’s economy, culture, and national psyche.
4899	Know a brand doing interesting things with video?
4900	Knowing Mike Hoffman, that ain’t gonna go well for workers.
4901	Known around the world for five-star restaurants and cutting-edge cuisine, Manhattan is where classics including the Waldorf salad, Lobster Newburg, black-and-white cookies, and Delmonico steak were invented.
4902	Know what,just as I saw.
4903	Kool Herc brought the Jamaican DJ style from Kingston to the Bronx, ushering in an era of break dancing and rapping MCs, all set to a thumping, bumping beat.
4904	Koufax looks intense and focused, but he never really looks happy.
4905	Kraft’s international snacks business will take on the new name when the company splits in two later this year.
4906	Kroger is not accepting Visa cards at its Foods Co. stores, and it may expand the ban to the chain's 2778 stores.
4907	Kudos on that score.
4908	Kullberg reminds us of the complexity of the issue of illegal immigration as we look for biblical guidance.
4909	Landing pull request 520. Unset the complete function just before calling it to avoid an exception creating a loop.
4910	Lanter knows that "fans are going crazy for the Wyatt/Lucy stuff," and he promised that Timeless is going to deliver on that dynamic in a big way this season.
4911	Large brokerage list with offices both in the Caribbean and the UK.
4912	Large cork panels on walls in several of the rooms.
4913	Large installations and complex environments can sometimes call for extra management.
4914	Last, but not least, the ability to scale without the need for data migration is indispensable, especially as storage systems for VMs can grow fairly large.
4915	Lastly we're removing the tokens that are not valid anymore.
4916	Last month, New York-based Flatiron Books published a revised version of in anticipation of the film adaptation from Oscar winners Spike Lee (its director) and producer Jordan Peele.
4917	Last night Embee returned home from his week in France and Belgium he hasn't unpacked any of the wine from the car so I'm not quite sure what he brought back.
4918	Last night, I signed up a book (picked the wrong book by mistake cause it was 2am and I wasn’t thinking).
4919	LastPass, for example, has integrated support for the YubiKey NEO in their Android app, so that you can securely unlock your password vault by just swiping the key against your NFC enabled smartphone or tablet.
4920	Last time I looked at pfsense was like 8 years ago, but I don't remember it being that hard back then.
4921	Last week, I did storytime for a visiting preschool class and they asked for a storytime about transportation.
4922	Last week someone flicked me over a great example of this after having read my previous post Here’s why we keep getting hacked – clear and present Billabong failures.
4923	Last week we talked about the REAL French country kitchen: unfitted, un-fussy, centered around a farm table and cozy as can be.
4924	Last year, Nafta’s protections against beans and corn ended, resulting in a flood of cheap beans from Michigan into Mexico.
4925	Lately, he was seeing a girl by the name of Rita who was a legal secretary.
4926	Late one night, a preacher’s daughter is raped and killed by a young white man — a rival of Ansel’s, a kid from one of the richest families in town, notorious as a trouble maker.
4927	Later, he attended Morehouse College and Rochester Theological Seminary, and ultimately became one of America’s greatest preachers and spiritual leaders.
4928	Latest Dropbox update brings automatic picture uploads and more…
4929	Laugh along with Moose and Magpie, and maybe—just maybe—Moose will make a joke of his own!"
4930	Laughter is appropriate during this time.
4931	LAUREN HERRMANN: Ah, that's so not true, but OK.
4932	Lauren & I can have it tomorrow morning.
4933	Laurie Stephens, owner of Mystery Lovers Bookshop, Oakmont, Pa., near Pittsburgh, for the past two and a half years, is putting the store up for sale.
4934	LAWRENCE H. SCHIFFMAN: Second Yeshiva University Dead Sea Scrolls Seminar.
4935	Lay your little one's coat on the floor with the sleeves spread out and the body wide open.
4936	LCD brightness is generally good but you’ll want to crank up the brightness in bright daylight when using live view.
4937	Lead counsel for intervenor Associated Oregon Industries in defense of Clean Water Act (CWA) TMDL litigation.
4938	Lead me with strong hands, stand up when I can't, don't leave me hungry for love chasing dreams that I can give up, show me you're willing to fight, that I'm still the love of your life."
4939	Lead with passion first!
4940	Lean meat has a slightly higher water (and protein) content—and thus, greater capacity for salt absorption—than fattier cuts of meat, so cuts with a big fat cap, such as pork loin or rib eye, will not absorb salt evenly.
4941	Learn about the technology and security implications regarding Apple's FaceID.
4942	Learn how to highlight brown hair for a boost of movement and shine.
4943	Learn how to to apply for a license to include Dolby technology in your consumer or professional products.
4944	Learning how to check a wound for infection is an essential part of keeping yourself healthy.
4945	Learn more about how supports operators who are seeking for solutions to support traffic growth, emerging use cases and business opportunities.
4946	Learn to do right, girl.
4947	Learn to trust your fingers to hit the right keys.
4948	Leave out the wife and kids, though.
4949	Leave room for your employees to add a wish list — maybe discounted gym memberships or exercise classes would improve satisfaction.
4950	Leave some information about who you are and why you need the review copy / interview, particularly if you’re contacting a book publicist with whom you do not have a relationship.
4951	Leave to set and then serve, or store in an airtight container for a day or two.
4952	Leaving this property blank turns off application ID verification.
4953	LeBron James: Future Champion Or Major Choker?
4954	Lee Jeans is one company that ties its heritage to its modern image.
4955	Left: 9.7" iPad Air 2. Middle: 10.5" iPad Pro with True Tone display.
4956	Leif will be discussing his newest book, with local teacher and writer, Glen Young.
4957	Lenders have said they’re worried they’d be left on the hook if a borrower lost money on a digital currency bet and couldn’t repay.
4958	Lenny sat shamefaced as other dopey prisoners joined in on the rant and held their shirts over their noses like mean kids on the playground.
4959	Leona Lewis had the sweetest reunion on The Voice.
4960	Less eating out, watch movies months after the debut by renting the DVD and viewing at home, etc. Times like these ya haveta tighten the belt.
4961	Lessons that cover all of the possible field types would be helpful!
4962	Less to spend at election time.
4963	Lest anyone think this state of affairs has changed, we can still tell where someone learned to write from the script that he or she uses.
4964	Let Austin’s innovative talent in medical, engineering and academic fields continue to address the civic and global challenges.
4965	Let everybody know.'
4966	“‘Let Girls Learn’ provided a platform to showcase Peace Corps’ strength in community development, shining a bright light on the work of our Volunteers all over the world,” Crowley wrote.
4967	Let me begin this paragraph by saying that picking my favourite post is like asking a parent to pick their favourite child.
4968	Let me sleep in, bring me coffee and the paper in bed, and let me read at my leisure—and my husband wouldn’t take any sections out before handing the paper over!
4969	Let me try this great sounding casserole next.
4970	Let's crack on with those!
4971	Let’s dive into the pros and cons.
4972	Let's face it, you are now officially a star.
4973	Let's go through it one more time, because it's not something you hear every day…
4974	Let's just say they're typically quite surprised.
4975	Let’s look at an old handle water pump for instance.
4976	Let’s pause a moment to let that sink in.
4977	Let’s say if I have 400 visitors that day, it’s a pretty good sign that I’ll make $400 that day.
4978	Let’s speak more and find out how we can support each other.”
4979	Let’s take a closer look at exactly what that entails.
4980	Let's take a look at each method so that you can decide which one will work best in your environment.
4981	Let's talk about the motto, "Ladies and gentlemen serving ladies and gentlemen."
4982	Let's try out our new instance of ReviewNinja on a test repository.
4983	Let the culinary fun begin!
4984	Let the market take care of it.
4985	Let us be fair getting proficient college application essay assistance is a exact superior strategy.
4986	Let us help you build the ultimate health coverage for your employees and your budget.
4987	Levandowski co-founded self-driving truck startup Otto and then led Uber's self-driving technology efforts before being fired in 2017.
4988	Leverage the latest in modern neural machine translation technology to translate between languages.
4989	Levers move and the dancers kick, spin leap and bow.
4990	Levirate marriage, as described in Deut 25:5-10, offers a solution to both questions: Let the dead man’s brother marry the widow and let the children, or at least the first child of this union, be “accounted” to the deceased.
4991	Leymah Gbowee, Nobel Peace Laureate interviewed by Hala Gorani, CNN Correspondent, at the Women In The World London Summit, October 9, 2015.
4992	LG's NeON® R panels were introduced with much acclaim in May 2017 due to their high power, high efficiency of up to 365W, a 25-year extended product warranty and an enhanced performance warranty.
4993	LG started an Oreo rollout for the V30 a few weeks ago, and today that expands to the US with an update for Verizon customers.
4994	LG to return to LCD display for the G7A report fresh out of South Korea cites market analysts as saying LG will revert back to an LCD display for the upcoming G7 flagship, in an effort to reduce manufacturing costs.
4995	Lian-Li, obviously, are substantially better quality, but they don't look premium to me anymore.
4996	Life always gets in the way, so we have to work around it.
4997	Lifetime caps can be placed on a demand tag.
4998	Life without my Magic Wand would be shockingly stressful.
4999	Lighten up and put some friggin' clams in it, ya dingus."
5000	Like a big stone, like a body of water, like a strong economy, however it was forged it seems that, once made, it has always been there.
5001	Like an 18oz New York delmonico, beef Wellington with foie gras & wild mushrooms, & a striped bass with fava bean, english peas, white asparagus & tomato verbena.
5002	Like an iPhone X Max, or whatever.
5003	Like computer programmers, database administrators employed in the computer science teaching philosophy to find an efficient algorithm for solving a problem, isn't is better to know the computer science teaching philosophy.
5004	Like I mentioned in the article, everything needs to be personalized since all clients are not the same.
5005	Like LibraryThing, it's mainly a book cataloger, not a research tool, though you can add description details in addition to what it pulls from Amazon.
5006	Like magic that seemed to work.
5007	“Like many people, I had and expressed personal political opinions during an extraordinary presidential election,” Strzok said.
5008	Like many, we had to check and re-check to make sure it really was gluten free.
5009	Like May-Treanor, Ross attended Newport Harbor High.
5010	Like mobile carriers who subsidize phones for customers who commit to contracts, Aetna is likely banking on recouping the cost of the watches as their subscribers become healthier and visit the doctor less frequently.
5011	Like my GPS when I miss a turn: “ … recalculating … “.
5012	Like SOHO Fuxing Plaza, The Exchange SOHO is also an office tower.
5013	Like the building on Rainer Ave South, the Haglund property from last year had passed an inspection.
5014	Like the other side when we wear white, float around and sport wings.
5015	Like, they needed both of the experiences to make sense of what us, because we’re not really a traditional set up.
5016	‘lil gator–if you named your car Zorak, maybe I should name my car Brak…
5017	Limited vacation but a great retirement package 401 k. The company offers very good benefits in relation to healthcare.
5018	Lim, with her sumptuous watercolors, is well suited to this mode.
5019	Lincoln asks John Hay, his trusted aide—and almost a son—to investigate Willie’s death.
5020	Lincoln has already announced its intention to bring yet another SUV to market by 2020.
5021	LinkedIn provides under https://www.
5022	Listen to the atmosphere when you are here.
5023	Litan said only a handful of security companies focus on pre-empting attacks by finding criminal perpetrators and then uncovering how they act well before they strike.
5024	Lit-bloggers "represent a perfection of the outsourcing ethos of contemporary capitalism," we are told.
5025	Literary agents can’t guarantee your book will be published.
5026	Literary fiction with young adult appeal.
5027	Little more than two hours.
5028	Live webinars have limited availability.
5029	Liz is a true innovator of her industry, her passion for women's financial literacy has seen her recognised amongst her peers in Australia's National 2017 Women In Finance Awards.
5030	Loaded with hundreds of strategies for applying your strengths, this book will change the way you look at yourself — and the world around you — forever.
5031	Loading items extremely well is essential for a new safe and sound transferring progression.
5032	Lobstersquad - and I've never takcled a real, live lobster in my life;) I do hope you'll find beetroot at the market (there must be!
5033	Local dishes served here cater to the taste of westerners.
5034	Local farmers have begun growing seasonal fruits and vegetables as well.
5035	Locally, we have an ad that they always run TWICE back to back.
5036	Locke’s work is subtle — the “auction block” is not represented by a raised platform, but is embedded at grade in the walkway.
5037	Locks that are stiff or difficult to open may require lubrication.
5038	“LOL he needs to be extraordinary renditioned,” Harroun wrote.
5039	Long hidden under grime, the politically radical murals of a little known Yugoslavian master are finally getting their due.
5040	Look at the relationship objectively, as I wish I did sooner, and make the decision to walk away before things get any worse.
5041	Look for a supplement version… there are many out there but I am clearly biased… https://www.
5042	Look for CSS rules that affects all images, and then make sure you clear those out within the map div.
5043	Look, I'll admit that ever since I was a child with braids and an anxious expression, I have been extremely resistant to change, but I could count on one hand the remakes that I've actually liked: Battlestar Galactica, and.
5044	Looking for full brim or classic cap style hard hats?
5045	Looking for other places to quiet down?
5046	Looking for poetry in a live-action family film is usually about as futile as hunting for dragons in your backyard; the vast majority of them wager on the indiscriminate tastes of kids and their dutiful chaperons.
5047	Looking forward to buying it.
5048	Looking forward to working with the IRS on responsible tax reporting for our customers (e.g. 1099s or the like) which makes it easy for everyone to pay their taxes.
5049	Look, I understand why parents send their kids to democratic schools.
5050	Looks like a delicious day!
5051	Looks like a useful feature well executed.
5052	Looks like you had a beautiful day!
5053	Looks-wise, it is safe to expect longer doors to make clambering in the back easier (as seen on previous Alfa GT models), which would smooth the side profile.
5054	Lopez, a 21-year old Venezuelan, is ranked 22nd for Seattle, and is 5-8 with a 5.04 ERA playing the Single A advanced level this year.
5055	L’Oreal Colour Rich Glossy ones that just came out recently.
5056	L’Oréal has announced that in the space of ten years it has been able to cut half of its CO2 emissions from its production and that its Sharing Beauty with All programme is on track for further progression.
5057	Lori McAdams, a longtime veteran of Pixar and one of the studio’s highest-ranking women in executive management, is leaving the company, according to a The Hollywood Reporter.
5058	Lots of channel options, with an excellent on-screen guide.
5059	Love gazpacho and most Mediterranean food.
5060	Love is so much inappropriate humor.
5061	"Love it wish it could read my text messaging to me like my ford sync"
5062	Love, love, love that book!
5063	Lovely table setting!
5064	Love Me, Love Me Not has sex scenes.
5065	Love the site, the photos, and your narrative Deb!
5066	Love when you can buy the trinkets separately for the homemade ones.
5067	Love you either way and always.
5068	Lowering LDL cholesterol, also known as "bad" cholesterol, decreases the risk of arteriosclerosis and heart attack.
5069	Lower the heat to 400º and bake 8 - 10 more minutes, until the cheese is melted and the crust is golden brown.
5070	Low Motion Disco's red-cheeked edit, "Things Are Gonna Get Easier", is instead a perfect soundtrack for our idealized present, at a time when hope actually seems totally natural.
5071	Luckily for us, NodeBots means Node, and Node has several easy-to-use security systems.
5072	Luckily I know 37signals knows this and hopefully will let the design stew for a while, it’s obviously not keeping people from absorbing the content…
5073	Luckily Joshua's not on anyone's radar--not like Sophie, a new girl with a mysterious past who’s got everyone talking.
5074	Luckily, the sweetest David replied to the email with a detailed recipe in record time.
5075	Luckily, we were able to get Dot to sleep a bit in the carrier, and she loved looking out the window.
5076	Luckily you fell down in the sea, a 100 meters from an island.
5077	Lucky for you, Wonkette, the sidebar at Feministing was full.
5078	Lush's "Cherryish Shower Scrub" is made with delicious ingredients like vegan white chocolate and dried cherries.
5079	Maar is protective of all of us."
5080	MACH15, it said, was evaluated by its internal review board, and after additional review “we have not found any reason to believe that it does not adhere to our institutional requirements.”
5081	Machine wash in cold and tumble dry on low.
5082	Mack groaned, shaking his head.
5083	Madame Jenkins couldn't carry a tune in a bucket: despite that, in 1944 at the age of 76, she played Carnegie Hall to a capacity audience and had celebrity fans by the score.
5084	Madame La Vache’s mind isn’t what it used to be, like I said, and I had to explain tarragon to her and how it was very good on chicken.
5085	Made the cut in 13 of 20 PGA TOUR events, more than double his previous season-high of six (2012).
5086	Madhu Shalini had to sweat it out and she was made to look as if she meant business and not as if she was getting dressed and acting for the film.
5087	Magnets are a relatively new technology, although people have remarked on naturally-occurring magnets, or loadstones, for hundreds of years.
5088	Magnificent Events in the Life of a Cactus: https://amzn.
5089	Mahatma Gandhi subtitled his autobiography, My Experiments with Truth.
5090	Maintain comfort and rugged durability wearing these men's Relaxed Fit Relment Pelmo boots from Skechers.
5091	Major financial losses even prompted director Qiu Weichang to threaten to cancel in 2009.
5092	Make a 1″ hole in center of circle and begin rolling and stretching inner lip of dough hole toward outward edge of dough to create a large, rolled-up “doughnut”.
5093	Make helm-recentf open files with external program?
5094	Make more of your meals and snacks at home so you can control the ingredients, but keep it simple.
5095	Make sure it is well-organized.
5096	Make sure to have those Node.js versions installed that you want to use with the attribute as the feature will not download and install the version itself.
5097	Make sure we're getting this all done.
5098	Make sure you pick the topic most appropriate to your question so we can get back to you as soon as possible.
5099	Make that “I only graduated from high school…”, or if you want to be truly anal-retentive, “I only was graduated from high school…” The school graduates the student; the student does not graduate the school.
5100	•Make the Gimmick-bar optional.
5101	Make the most of your space by reorganizing in 15 simple steps.
5102	Making that happen requires some heavy origami – unfurling a precisely-designed, sunflower-shaped structure the size of a baseball diamond from a package about half the size of a pitcher’s mound.
5103	Making the journey from girl to woman is never easy—especially when you began your life in a boy’s body.
5104	Mallo is a former member of the anit-Junta guerrilla movement and his experience informs his deft narrative and offers a tough visceral vision that has the ring of truth about it.
5105	Malware updates and scans must often be manually initiated, and there is seldom any protection against malicious websites or email attachments.
5106	Mama’s a wheeler-dealer, but is she also a murderer?
5107	Mandy scurried out of the room like a rabbit frantic for cover.
5108	Manga is the Japanese word for "comics" and consists of comics and print cartoons, but if you're a fan of manga then you prob…
5109	Manifesting for International mail is limited to First-Class Mail International™ and Priority Mail International™.
5110	“Man, that’s damn good.
5111	Manual removal paired with a good tick control product is the best way to achieve this goal.
5112	Manufacturers are racing to polish up their environmental credentials and meet more stringent emissions requirements.
5113	Many are funded directly by the makers of drugs, such as the Bristol-Myers Squibb program that provided assistance for Schroeder's Abilify.
5114	Many attendees reported that they enjoyed having an open dialog -- and sometimes heated debate -- with a variety of stakeholders.
5115	“Many brands are making natural and organic claims, however consumers are becoming confused as to what is an authentic natural / organic cosmetic product.
5116	Many business owners have acknowledged that when they utilized the time immediately after a sale as a time for exploration and reinvention they thrived.
5117	Many Christians crave connection on a spiritual level, but don’t know where to find it.
5118	Many consumer-level photo sharing and editing applications, such as Apple's iPhoto, also offer the ability to view RAW files from some cameras as long as the software is up to date and offers support for your particular camera.
5119	Many consumers mistakenly believe they have only one credit score.
5120	Many conversations about data and analytics (D&A) start by focusing on technology.
5121	Many didn’t know what to expect.
5122	Many entrepreneurs have turned to credit cards to fund their startups.
5123	Many if not most organizations will need to be adapted to work with both approaches for many years to come.
5124	Many, many times those pucks would find their way into the net.
5125	Many members of the community are already part of the WordCamp team.
5126	Many neighborhoods and communities around the country host volunteer clean-ups to honor Earth Day.
5127	Many new smartphones include the ability to wirelessly charge when you put the on a special charger.
5128	“Many of our members had never met another woman in field operations.
5129	Many of them were so small, that we made no attempt to feed them, mostly because we knew of no food they would eat that was not harder to catch than the snakes themselves.
5130	‘Many of the new weapons, like rubber bullets and twelve-gauge beanbag shotguns, seem legal and relatively innocuous by international standards.’
5131	Many of you are surely wondering what’s happening under the hood.
5132	Many of you indicated you wished you had been there.
5133	Many organizations are striving to manage this traffic to optimize the response times of critical applications and to reduce costs, given that bandwidth continues to represent a significant proportion of operating expenditure for wide-area data networks.”
5134	Many out there are even eating Zero Carb and Fasting and healing their bodies.
5135	Many people start out in shock or denial, and they break down days or even weeks later.
5136	"Many people we have met while developing this project have their own Welcome to Pine Grove!
5137	Many people with lung cancer also have conditions such as COPD, congestive heart failure, asthma, hypothyroidism, and other conditions.
5138	Many professional counselors and therapists also have some training in this area.
5139	Many states already provide sentencing enhancements if the crime victim is a police officer.
5140	Many systems are re-
5141	Many thanks to my colleagues and contributors with Common Core IRL: Alyson Beecher, Louise Capizzo, Travis Jonker and Cathy Potter.
5142	Maple syrup continues to be produced on small farms in the same low-tech way that it has been for centuries.
5143	Marans went on to point out that it always is hard for adults to know what are behind children’s fears.
5144	March fractures describe a fracture of one or more of the bones in the foot (the long bones at the base of the toes) that are caused by overuse that fatigues the bone.
5145	Marcia Clark begged Chris Darden not to do the demonstration, but Darden insisted.
5146	Marcus, and our colleague “Ramblin’ Dan” Roloff, are great partners to me and teachers in things related to the Internet.
5147	Marisol wants to kill him.
5148	Marketing leaders are expected to create exceptional branded moments at every customer touchpoint.
5149	Marking a ballot is too easy; it's cowardly.
5150	MARSHA SHRADER: I am the mother of Jeffrey Shrader, who is studying economics at the moment.
5151	Martha Washington, his wife, and now THE INVISIBLE MATRON!
5152	Martin O’Malley, who just left the governor’s chair in Maryland, has long been preparing to run.
5153	Mary Harron’s clever adaptation of starts to fall apart toward the end, but its finale contains a brilliant moment where Christian Bale’s Patrick Bateman threatens first a wealthy dowager type at an ATM, then her tiny dog.
5154	Mary Howard grew up in Readfield, Maine, the daughter of a doctor.
5155	Masakatsu Fujiwara, Head of European R&D Representative Office at NTT talked about the separation of functions from equipment and hardware being modularized.
5156	MAS also provides users with information regarding emerging policies and best practices for workplace accommodation, developed from JAN’s vast knowledgebase.
5157	Masks of Dionysus and Ariadne uncovered at the Castra site.
5158	Matt discussed the increasing development of GlotPress, which is now a standalone translation plugin.
5159	Matthew Heimbach, who is twenty-four, and a prominent white-nationalist activist in Cincinnati, told me that Trump has energized disaffected young men like him.
5160	Matt is a co-founder of Wordpress and head of Automattic.
5161	“Matt is furious he is essentially handing over half of his net worth to Annette,” the source said.
5162	Matt Kirshen is a British comedian.
5163	Matt studied at DePaul University and resides in Austin, Texas with his wife Claudia and their three children.
5164	Maw Maw sends her family off on a mission that proves to be more dangerous than she thought.
5165	Max and Nev read Le’Vonte’s email about his mom.
5166	Maximum antihypertensive effects are attained within 2 weeks after a change in dose.
5167	May 13th at 3:11 pmHi everyone.
5168	May 28th at 12:18 pmThe minimalistic style is great, but I really like how Kenan Malik at Pandaemonium leveraged the Gridspace theme for his site.
5169	Maybe aluminum in that curvy shape isn’t even economically feasible.
5170	Maybe a peanut butter and jelly wrap cut into little pieces, a fist-sized amount of trail mix.
5171	Maybe Chemists Corner should add a photo credit.
5172	Maybe encourage the team for upgrades on the menu display as well.
5173	Maybe for the recipes, but certainly for the writers and other stuff.
5174	Maybe Google timed.
5175	Maybe his brother was captured by bandits, who are holding him for ransom.
5176	Maybe if I was just journaling about what happened.
5177	Maybe it does cause inflammation.
5178	Maybe it’s because I was starting marathon training again and quickly running out of clothes to wear, or because I had the perfect fabric in mind for these pants-whatever the reason my mind gravitated towards these, and I had to make them ASAP.
5179	Maybe it's not as bad for a younger audience (like my son Chaxler, who accompanied me to the film) since they're less familiar with the previous entries, but these aren't labeled "kids movies", so I'm not buying that excuse.
5180	Maybe its the addition of rye, a grain rarely encountered in biscuits.
5181	Maybe it’s the full information, maybe it’s only partially the information that’s in that database.
5182	Maybe it's time to clean out that bag.
5183	Maybe not the best idea because it was beyond sticky and I couldn’t use enough flour.
5184	Maybe something to think about.
5185	Maybe the image of a library, or the library index system (which is how most of us used to find the books we wanted).
5186	Maybe the kids would like to come and listen, but their parents are too intent on rushing around to bring them.
5187	Maybe the use of different font styles.
5188	Maybe touchdown dances will return with a strong flavor.
5189	“Maybe ye were hearing yourself,” He said, making her laugh and got back to kissing her neck, his hands slipping under her t-shirt to stroke her stomach.
5190	Maybe you can help me with that.
5191	Maybe you coordinate the shade of your seal with the rest of your wedding's color palette.
5192	Maybe you know of a brand beside A1 or Lee & Perrin.
5193	May Santa bring you something fun to wear.
5194	May the best (and most prolific) Commenter win, and good luck to you all.
5195	May the road rise to meet you, May the wind be always at your back.
5196	Mazda Motor Corp's suppliers, which typically operate independently, are cooperating to figure out the best way to use artificial intelligence and robots to remove human workers from the equation altogether.
5197	MBTI showed significantly greater reduction in insomnia severity, as measured by the ISI, compared to MBSR across the entire study period.
5198	McDonough says she heard from plenty of companies that were struggling to enroll even 20% of their workforce in wellness programs.
5199	McGuinness helped negotiate the Good Friday Agreement that ended conflict in Northern Ireland while Clinton was in office in 1998.
5200	McKenna is a great female protagonist.
5201	McMurphy also reported that police arrested Smith in 2015 on domestic violence charges in Powell, Ohio.
5202	MCN: How much are data privacy at Facebook, content safety at YouTube and transparency and effectiveness issues with digital advertising affecting spending on TV?
5203	McTiernan weaves in the Catholic Church, child abuse, police corruption and murder for a multilayered narrative as Irish as corned beef and cabbage (and I love corned beef and cabbage).
5204	Meal prep doesn't have to be overwhelming.
5205	Meaning of "He's got more bottle than a milkman"
5206	Meanwhile, back in Anaheim, was recalled from Triple-A to fill the void left by Kinsler's departure.
5207	Meanwhile, corporate giants like Philips are waiting to give a shot.
5208	Meanwhile Franky realises she is losing the support of the women and is forced to consider a deal.
5209	Meanwhile Natalie Kershaw, now a firearms officer in the Met, has been cleared of any wrong-doing after fatally shooting a samurai-sword-wielding maniac outside a McDonald's in Leytonstone.
5210	Meanwhile, slide guitar master Ry Cooder provides the famous soundtrack, setting scenes on the open road to his plaintive picking.
5211	Meanwhile Stone was at the point of collapse.
5212	Measuring 6.8 inches tall and weighing 5.5 pounds, the device has a single cable leading out from the HomePod for power, with no other ports or visible connections viewable externally.
5213	Mechanics should check your battery as a part of your regularly scheduled maintenance, but they often skip the procedure.
5214	Mechanisms of Action: BCAAs make up a large proportion of the total amino acid content in skeletal muscle and are readily broken down (catabolized) to produce energy during exercise.
5215	Media management, strategy and execution fees were negotiated independently on a percentage-of-spend basis or alternate fee structure.
5216	Medications are in short supply, elderly are trapped in apartment buildings, and thousands of homes have been destroyed.
5217	Meditation, both TM and other forms, is generally safe and may improve a person's quality of life.
5218	ME: Do you know what bills will come up?
5219	Meet 5 enterprises that are proving that every day.
5220	Meeting countless friends, artists, writers, entrepreneurs, working on inspiring stuff that pushes me to get better â€“ a lot better.
5221	Meet the girls who dream of being GurkhasJump to media playerNepali women will be able to join the British Army in 2020 - here are two who dream of being soldiers.
5222	Meet the local English-speaking guide upon arrival at Xian.
5223	Megan is 23; Brian is almost 21; Mandy will be 16 next week.
5224	Meghan kept her makeup natural, opting a sweep of blusher on her cheeks and a pretty pink lipstick.
5225	Me, I appreciate the flexibility and would make the choice based on when I'd have more time.
5226	Meizu designs and retails phones that are characterised by light, comfortable design as well as ease of use and functionality.
5227	Members have the opportunity to view private collections, participate in curator led tours of local institutions, as well as the fair, enjoy private dinners with artists, and attend cocktail events and parties.
5228	Membership prices add up, but so do those date offers.
5229	Memoirs of a Geisha is a great book!
5230	Mendix 7.9.0 introduced page templates as a document type, allowing users to edit existing page templates and even create entirely new ones.
5231	Men have their issues, but they know damn well to enjoy the best parts of things.
5232	Menstruation is considered impure in many parts of South Asia and restrictions are imposed on women’s movement, behavior and eating habits during their periods.
5233	Meskis called Smith "the perfect person to take over this position.
5234	Mesut Ozil's statement on Sunday, over three posts on both Instagram and Twitter, was seized upon by Germany's right-wing party Alternative for Germany (AfD) which has also criticised centre-back Jerome Boateng in the past.
5235	Michel ʿAflaq, social and political leader who played a major role in the Arab nationalist movement during and after World War II.
5236	Michigan Maple Soy is a soy sauce aged in barrels that started with bourbon, then maple syrup, then Evil Twin Michigan Maple Jesus Stout, and lastly, BLiS soy sauce.
5237	Micromarkets are defined as subsegments of the global electrical insulation materials market included in the report.
5238	Microsoft cloud optimization should improve with its acquisition of Cloudyn to support Azure, as enterprises struggle to manage their public cloud bills.
5239	Microsoft is calling the Surface Book “The Ultimate Laptop” and that is a pretty lofty goal for a first generation product.
5240	Microsoft Project 2003 Features Better Office Inte.
5241	Microsoft says it’s working with Pandora and hopes to make it available soon.
5242	Microsoft's risk aversion cost it a hand in mobile, smart home speakers, IoT, and more.
5243	Microsoft Surface: shown here with the accompanying 3mm-thick, pressure sensitive cover that doubles as a keyboard and trackpad.
5244	Microsoft Teams gets the full power of SharePoint document libraries, including metadata, pinned items, Flow, and more.
5245	Microwaved dishes can get extremely hot.
5246	Middle Eastern company Careem will also begin testing its driverless electric pod vehicles in Dubai, it announced last month, as part of a collaboration with California-based NEXT Future Transportation.
5247	Midsouth Mouth (love the internal rhyme), it’s not just lesbians with so-called butch or trans presentation whose hair is deemed unacceptable.
5248	Midway through the life of the series, Universal, which produced the show, agreed that mystery books about Jessica Fletcher were a good way both to promote the show and to create a lucrative brand extension.
5249	Mikawaya has a ton of regular mochi options, but specializes in the ice-cream-filled variety.
5250	Mike Snyder has been a Houston Chronicle journalist since January 1979, with alternating stints as a reporter and editor.
5251	Millennials, defined in the report as ages 18 to 35, were the least critical of social platforms, but more than half (56%) still said they didn't trust social networks to protect their data.
5252	Miller: Yeah, there’s a few in the workshop scene that we’ve got that, that are kind of in the background.
5253	Mindfulness is a powerful way to come to terms with profound loss and change to the body after illness.
5254	Mini-reviews of memoirs that are more than memoirs.
5255	Mirka is a little different from the other girls in her Orthodox Jewish community: she wants to be a dragonslayer.
5256	Mixed martial arts fighter Conor McGregor is looking for a plea deal in connection with his alleged Barclays Center rampage that led to the cancellation of several fights on one of UFC's biggest cards of the year.
5257	Mix it all together and then toss in the M&Ms and then lay out on some wax paper for about 15 minutes to harden.
5258	Mmmmmmhmmmmmm, yes, good, that you got that all out, and are helping the rest of us along in the process.
5259	Mobile is changing the way we communicate each and every day.
5260	Mobile phone credit is no longer standing in the way of people accessing help when they need it.
5261	Mobley pursued the man, apprehending him behind the store.
5262	Model data sets are growing increasingly large and complex and advances in technology such as affordable 4K monitors are facilitating CAD workflows.
5263	Modem performance was interesting.
5264	Moderate roof pitches (from 4/12 up to 9/12) can be common, especially in northern latitudes where steeper tilts help roofs shed snow before too much weight builds.
5265	Moderators and owners can review posts from un-approved members of their community.
5266	Mods mess around with the original content of the game, and since mod creators vary in skill and experience there's always the potential that something could go wrong with that.
5267	Module for sending messages to hipchat.
5268	Moldavian kings became adept at pitting various combinations of Hungarians, Turks, Poles, Cossacks, Wallachians and Tatars against one another in order to drive these invaders off while preserving their independence.
5269	Molly, I'm sorry about your Mom.
5270	Molly, I've been thinking of you so much in the last few days.
5271	Mom, I don’t want to learn math.
5272	Money is not the only thing you find in Subaj.
5273	Monitor all associates entering and existing building including car traffic.
5274	Monitor your phone with the tap of a button.
5275	Monopolizing the conversation: Excessively posting the same comment or link across multiple talks or in response to multiple comments will result in the removal of all comments containing the duplicated material.
5276	Moody's rated the debt of 30 US communities as 'speculative grade'
5277	Moonshine™ Effect Gold Sparkle by Croda acts as a special effect pigment.
5278	More and more people look at our publications and end up buying.
5279	More carmakers are looking toward electric vehicles as fuel cell falters.
5280	More details are in the "Syndicate" section.
5281	Moreover, even if complying with HAVA had been the State’s actual interest in enacting Laws 2012, 285:2, the State has failed to establish that the challenged language is actually necessary or that it actually addresses that interest.
5282	Moreover, it’s also available to publishers of any type, even bloggers like myself.
5283	Moreover, I usually submit author’s work to at least two publishers at the same time in order to have the opportunity to make them compete.
5284	Moreover, post-deployment changes, such as which hypervisor the app runs on, segmentation in use, etc., can put an application into or out of scope regardless of what the developer intended.
5285	Moreover, the BabyView Basic lacks motion and sound detection alerts, video recording capabilities, and humidity and temperature monitoring.
5286	Moreover, there's no evidence that nondiscrimination laws — and other policies that also let trans people use the bathroom for their gender identity — lead to sexual assault in bathrooms and locker rooms.
5287	More research will be necessary to figure this out.
5288	More than 26% of people who completed the experience and got a TV recommendation went on to get further recommendations for accessories like a soundbar.
5289	More than 83,000 developers have created over 100,000 applications using our platform.
5290	More women use Facebook than men I think by far—I think the engagement on females is typically a lot higher.
5291	Morgan told National Geographic News that the experience at Helix left him feeling "betrayed."
5292	Moritz Dechant, developer at Bosch, about the challenges of car-to-car communication.
5293	Moritz "Mo" Wagner says Michigan owes their tournament success to the way Coach Beilein prepares them, and weighs in on his moment with Corey Davis.
5294	Morning on Connemara road in Clifden, Co. Galway.
5295	Most Americans thought that if America adopts the socialized health insurance system in Europe, healthcare would be more complex.
5296	Most birds are tetrachromats, they see colors in four channels instead of the three channels humans see; this super-color vision is believed to assist them in food gathering and mate selection.
5297	Most commonly, the use of aloe vera for skin care is known to provide soothing relief for sunburns.
5298	Most companies now allow workers to work from home either full time or a mix of on-site/off-site.
5299	Most computer platforms including Mac OS X have some form of Zip expansion available.
5300	Most dismaying of all, we have begun to realize that the social media platforms themselves rely on a gigantic phish of their users.
5301	Most doctor-patient interactions result in the parties being satisfied -- but some result in conflict.
5302	Most fruits and vegetables add at least a trace amount of each nutrient, as well, so aim to eat at least five servings of produce each day.
5303	Most importantly, Franklin wrote primarily for the common people; hence his popularity.
5304	Most importantly though, happy anniversary.
5305	Most important of all, they are your voice to the faculty in all matters, from student clubs to fund-raising to sports.”
5306	Most important tip: use mobile phone case!
5307	Most individuals created by these companies would turn to lives of crime.
5308	Most low-carb followers will know that ketogenic (extremely low carb) diets have been used to treat epilepsy for a hundred years.
5309	Most of its younger audience is reachable on mobile, but L&C has largely focused on desktop and social audiences.
5310	Most of these storms never expand beyond the region where they formed, but others just keep growing.
5311	Most of the time in our web applications, master has changed since the last release but not very significantly, so we can simply do a new release from master that has the fix.
5312	Most of those who run, walk, bike or skate in pairs don’t talk to one another, but some do bring their cell phones to keep up with current events, business, and the status of their divorce.
5313	Most of time is taken up trying to make George laugh.
5314	Most of us fail to realize that it is actually a psychological problem which has the tendency of getting out of control if not paid attention to at the right time.
5315	Most people who apply for secured cards do so with the hope that their lender eventually will offer them a traditional credit card.
5316	Most people will receive 2-5 tweets about your message.
5317	Most students who turn to UK’s Title IX office or Violence Intervention and Prevention (VIP) Center are not out to punish anyone, they just want the offending conduct to stop.
5318	Most travel articles will spout the same big seven: Shibuya, Harajuku, Shinjuku, Asakusa, Akihabara, Ginza, Roppongi (or something similar) for a reliable overview of the city’s best sights, sounds and tastes.
5319	Most were links to full TV commercials, explainer videos and corporate videos.
5320	Most who visit say they’ve never heard a computer-generated voice sound that good.
5321	Moving beyond dominant narratives and the traditional “violence against women” framework, the book is multi-gendered, multi-racial and multi-layered.
5322	Moving into June, the polls showed Buddy and the incumbent neck and neck.
5323	Moving one rung up the ladder is the new Challenger GT RWD, which adds a hood scoop, splitter, suspension upgrades, paddle shifters, and houndstooth seats for $31,390.
5324	Mr. Director since 1987 Abrams is the former General Counsel and Staff Director of the United States Senate Judiciary Committee on Refugees.
5325	Mr. Jobs, in an email, said "much of your information is incorrect," but didn't provide specifics.
5326	Mr. Kun represents clients in such diverse industries as hospitality, health care, logistics, housing, and staffing services.
5327	Mr Trump boasted that China had agreed to buy “massive amounts” of American farm goods.
5328	Mr. Trump has buried the liberal narrative of what happened after the Cold War.
5329	Mr. Yameen, who this month declared a state of emergency and rounded up Supreme Court judges and opposition leaders, has cozied up to China.
5330	MTV's 'Catfish: Trolls' will premiere on Wednesday, July 18th at 10PM ET/PT.
5331	Much like the Advanced Infrastructure Hacking class, this class talks about a wealth of hacking techniques to compromise web applications, APIs and associated end-points.
5332	Much of Manhattan was underwater, but geologists were sure this part of it was stable enough for Tower 7. It was in the perfect position for top surveillance and security.
5333	Much of my prose fiction reading falls into the category of police procedurals and I tend to gravitate towards novels set in Ohio or with some connection to Ohio.
5334	Much time is spent in describing the preparations the settlers, both Others and humans, make in anticipation of what is to come.
5335	Multiple former employees who worked with Aid in Recovery independently told me Deering called clients “gold bars.”
5336	Multiple sources close to the former couple claim.
5337	Multiple times, I found myself floored by the sheer accuracy of the test results.
5338	MunchSquad also facilitates partnerships with local homeless shelters for the distribution of remaining food after student sales.
5339	Museum officials said that somebody at the show last week left with one of the eight canvases from the floor.
5340	“Music piped in during the breaks?”
5341	Must be either “security” or “all”.
5342	My agent is still shopping my book on Picasso (about the themes of war and peace, and doves, that run through his life), and right now I’m illustrating my own picture book text about Charlie Chaplin, an incredible artist and a fascinating subject.
5343	My apologies, the link ran into the text and isn’t active.
5344	My aunt’s build was what I’d call sturdy, yet Eva seemed to sway in the gusty breeze as she chatted with Billy Jackson, the good ol’ boy farrier who shod her mule.
5345	My aunt who noticed my improved skin has even remarked on it and now is ordering one too.
5346	My battery may have been old o. My 6 plus but the phone was snappy until the upgrade to iOS 11 now is like to convince myself it was more demanding software and if I wanted those features on an old phone I live with the slowdowns.
5347	My boyfriend and I have a long-distance relationship.
5348	My bridge phobia was so bad I did my best to avoid driving over them, but because I live in a town with three rivers, that was close to impossible.
5349	My car was behind the double gates that you perhaps failed to see~ I hope you don't need your eyes testing!
5350	My cheap, Home Depot dehumidifier makes ~20 gallons a day if I can empty it whenever it fills up, and it weighs a significant amount less.
5351	My comment was, based on the study information, libraries showed less bias than other professions included.
5352	My Credential for Adobe puts the power to digitally sign and certify Adobe PDFs in the hands of individuals as a token-based digital certificate.
5353	My current position is to make any changes I can within a child theme css file.
5354	My dad is full Italian, and I grew up with my full Italian grandma always making pizza fritte, the best apple pie on the planet, and just pasta and meatballs — all that really great stuff.
5355	My daughter, who is a senior, is reading The Canterbury Tales.
5356	My dream job would be a driver in F1, P1, or something along those lines.
5357	My earliest memory revolves around crime.
5358	My experience was really the opposite of Aura's: instead of finding the world was heavier than I'd thought, I realized that the world was a lot lighter - by, uh.
5359	"My face needs to be able to tell the truth."
5360	My fan-forced gas oven didn’t have a 550 degree or 200 degree setting, just a min and a max, so without an oven thermometer I did my best and it still turned out great.
5361	My father went through WWII, the man was the head of the household and I never resented my father for that it is just that is the way he was brought up.
5362	My favorite female guitarist is Sharon Isbin (sorry Renee!).
5363	My favorite is the poster of posture advice from the Patchwork Girl and the Scarecrow.
5364	My favorite part of my life right now is seeing pigs and boys in ways I’ve never seen them before.
5365	My favorite thing about reading is escaping to a new place, so throw all the recommendations at me!
5366	My favourite table salt is Maldon, but I am British and therefore biased.
5367	My friend Rita Watson wrote about 6 Breaking-Up Styles: Hers and His on Psychology Today, which many of us can relate to.
5368	My friends and family might rate me somewhat higher, however.
5369	My friends declare the title outdated and sexist, a term designed to label and oppress women.
5370	My generation has other ghosts.
5371	My girls are little enough that boats are the best thing in the world, so even if we have no reason to visit the city, it’s a fun outing.
5372	! my great friend!
5373	My hotel, the Friendly Vallarta Beachfront Resort and Spa, has three pools (a family pool, an Infinity pool and an adults only hot tub/pool combination) and there’s something to be said for sitting in a hot tub with a magnificent view of the ocean.
5374	My husband and I on our wedding day.
5375	My husband and I were thrilled when the usher seated us.
5376	My imperfect solution, then is to put the average of the previous four years of BA rankings into the model.
5377	My main complaint would be that feels like a YA romance novel in the weirdest of places.
5378	My modding questions thread-where I will put my questions.
5379	My mother who is supposed to have her shopping list ready by Monday morning (she never does) and was busy asking me to add items she had forgotten, the doorbell rang and it was some medication being delivered for my mother (one less thing for me to do).
5380	My name is BeëlzeBud.
5381	My Name Is Elizabeth! by Annika Dunklee (
5382	My name is Jacqueline!
5383	My name is Vincenzo and I am Italian.
5384	My nephew Layton, who’d giggle at the Pied Piper-y way the boy both saves a bunch of dogs from an evil looking butcher and takes care of the bullies.
5385	My own back of the envelope calculation shows that the potential revenue from the top three online degrees is more $80M dollars.
5386	My parents both were readers.
5387	My parents had that role, so we watched whatever they decided.
5388	My question is why do doctors feel its ok to have nodules?
5389	My rash is considerably better (at least until I had wine last night).
5390	My sister taught him how to put gas in the car when he got his license.
5391	My site was just flagged just for the simple reason it was hosted on a shared server with another site that really did have malicious software.
5392	My son Alex went on that merry go round.
5393	MYTH: Getting a base tan will protect your skin.
5394	My Thoughts: I adored Lady Claire.
5395	My understanding is that the 5 cm depth means they might have been exposed to ionizing radiation.
5396	My unit seems to cap at +-2g if i set register to lowest range and +-8 at highest.
5397	My verdict: To someone who wasn’t raised on real-deal tortillas from fresh masa, Maseca tortillas may be short on flavor, but they are hardly repugnant.
5398	My view is, though, that the trend is towards a studio system, in which debuts aren’t understood in the same way, or books that don’t immediately strike or those that might not be considered commercial for some reason aren’t given enough time.
5399	My wife and I were able to find a one way SkyMiles redemption in their Delta One (business class) cabin in September for 62,500 miles each.
5400	My worry is the fact that cyber Nazis are getting what they want, and that’s just not okay.
5401	Named Pepperoni, the development team behind this open-source project has been working for more than 10 months trying to build apps and learning the best ways …
5402	Name of the quantifier specified by the customer.
5403	Naomi Campbell Just Killed It on the Runway And she was joined by Lady Kitty Spencer and Ashley Graham.
5404	Narrating from the caregiver’s perspective, the story is reflective, loving, and seasoned with the kind of magical thinking that those likely facing imminent loss cling to.
5405	NASA has again delayed the launch of its next-generation space observatory, known as the James Webb Space Telescope (JWST), the space agency announced today.
5406	Nasr, in fact, seemed to think it was the drones that made the honey, as they were reared when the colonies gained in strength during the main flowering seasons, the time when most honey was gathered.
5407	Natalie struggles to understand what this actually means and teeters on thinking her mom just doesn’t care about her anymore.
5408	Natasha Bardon, Aldiss's editor at HarperCollins, said, "For the short time I had the pleasure of knowing Brian, there wasn't a moment when he wasn't writing something.
5409	Nathalie Djurberg goes "full retard."
5410	National Book Store is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected.
5411	Naturally I wrote my father and tried to put into words my terrified joy, my optimism that however bad a father I turned out to be (clearly I would be horrible) little Cygnus would succeed regardless.
5412	Naturally, there are examples that push those definitions in both ways.
5413	Naturally, they hired Trejo as a consultant for the prison riot scene.
5414	Nature tells us that this is the true facts of life and all silly values which impede the power of our will must be crushed.
5415	NBC cameras caught the moment and, lo and behold, aired it.
5416	Nearly 10 years later, they still haven't stopped.
5417	Nearly 30 health experts — including doctors, community facilitators, and movement instructors — are there to “inspire you into your highest health and well being.”
5418	Nearly three years after a massive leak from a well at Aliso Canyon, a community is still demanding answers over what happened.
5419	NEC is also actively pursuing collaborations with public institutions both in Japan and overseas.
5420	Needless to say, Charlotte earns the money and buys the dog and the ending of the book is very well done, not hokey and not at all what I predicted, more realistic.
5421	Need to determine the value of the function for the base case(s) of the driving parameter(s).
5422	Neither the failure to give notice by publication to Holders of Bearer Securities as provided above, nor any defect in any notice so published, shall affect the sufficiency of any notice to Holders of Registered Securities given as provided herein.
5423	Neither the product liability Directive nor the produce safety Directive oblige manufacturers to permanently monitor data once the vehicles are on the road.
5424	Nelson the one-eyed cat gets awardJump to media playerA one-eyed cat which has spent most of his life living on the docks in County Durham is awarded Cat of the Year.
5425	NET and a smaller web application written with Ext JS.
5426	NetApp's HCI appliance isn't really hyper-converged, but that doesn't matter.
5427	“Netflix launched 120 programs between docs, comedy specials, features, and TV series across kids and adult—in one month.
5428	NET web page, which includes an offline conversion tool and full source code.
5429	Network Access Point Name -- Dedicated server channel name (NetworkAccessPoint) for which this virtual host serves http requests.
5430	Network as a global module.
5431	Network morning shows continue to give Kellyanne Conway airtime, as she abuses the public airwaves with false statements.
5432	Networks Are Eating the World by Barry Libert, Megan Beck, Jerry Wind - 143.03.
5433	Never has it been harder to tell what is real and what is purely part of the game, but one thing Tella knows for sure: if she fails, she will lose everything she’s ever cared about, and may end up paying for it with her life.
5434	Nevertheless, I went into the kitchen and got to work on the first batch of what would end up being my favorite potato recipe in years.
5435	Nevertheless, the dreaded case of no network availability will surface at some point to the user, and this needs to be handled properly, beyond just showing a “retry” button.
5436	Nevertheless we prodded on and succeeded despite of the circumstances.
5437	New authors, old favorites--all wonderful books you can win: Carla Neggers, The House on Sugar Plum LaneDaughters of the Witching Hillhttp://authorbuzz.
5438	New Car and Truck Specials from Colonial South Dodge Ram of Dartmouth Leases are $2,995 down cash or trade,10K miles per year.
5439	New Contracts for every new Underlying CDS Index series will be listed on the First Trading Date.
5440	New deals with Eagle, Jaguar, Encore Films, Golden Village.
5441	New herd number previously granted by DAFM on foot of premises.
5442	"New iPad with Pencil Support: $299 for Students" would be more accurate.
5443	Newly appointed director Lee Toland Krieger is still attached to the film, and is doing his best to remain positive, “Coming from a film background, of course I would have loved to direct a film adaptation.
5444	New research from Mintel reveals that non-dairy milk sales have seen steady growth over the past five years, growing an impressive 61 percent since 2012, and are estimated to reach $2.11 billion in 2017.
5445	New research shows that chronic sleep loss increases pain sensitivity.
5446	"Newsweek" has come up with a list of recommendations for the holiday season.
5447	New today at the Tales of Wonder blog is this week's installment of wherein I discuss things that go bump in the swamp and, by popular demand, It!
5448	New tools include 'vanishing point', which allows you to clone, paint and transform in the perspective or your images, advanced noise reduction, optical lens correction, which corrects barrel and pincushion distortion as well as enhanced 16-bit editing.
5449	New Year's dinner is all about celebration with friends, reminiscing about the old year and looking forward to the coming year.
5450	Next, click to create a New Audience, which will give you a screen that should look familiar if you have used custom segments at any point.
5451	Next morning when I sat down to write, it had died.
5452	Next time we're in SF the GM adn will be trying this.
5453	Next we talk about “Split,” the No. 1 movie in America, and the twist in M. Night Shyamalan’s career.
5454	Next year it will be something else.
5455	Nguyen and his unnamed protagonist certainly have made a name for themselves with one of the smartest, darkest, funniest books you’ll read this year.”
5456	Nice seeing you in Atlanta at Amy Atlas book signing!
5457	Nick Gustafson, a Udacity data scientist, notes that you need to be prepared to talk in depth about the skills and tools of data analysis.
5458	Nicki Minaj and Quavo might've teamed up for a remix that same week, but this one takes the cake—and every last crumb.
5459	Nike Is Releasing a Hijab Custom-Made for Athletic-Wear "I was thrilled and a bit emotional to see Nike prototyping a Hijab."
5460	NIKKOR lens technologies combine Phase Fresnel (PF) elements with a superior chromatic aberration capability making lenses smaller and lighter.
5461	Nik Software Color Efex Pro 4.0 filters are the leading photographic filters for digital photography.
5462	Ninety-nine years of immigrants, Germans and Italians in the beginning, then Japanese and Armenians, later Mexicans and Koreans, have planted their dreams in this basement.
5463	Nintendo premiered the world-first footage of “Super Smash Bros. Ultimate” at E3 this week.
5464	N.L. China” from Youku was linked to that announcement, much less whether the show fit the regulator’s definition of “vulgar and harmful.”
5465	“NLP stands for Neuro-Linguistic Programming.
5466	No. 47 Shelbourne Park, a three bedroom duplex penthouse in D4, has gone one sale through Owen Reilly for €1.1 million.
5467	Noah has never been ordinary.
5468	Noah was also senior data scientist at Lumos Labs, creators of the popular Lumosity brain training app.
5469	Nobody wins every hand.
5470	No "difficult" questions.
5471	No good can come, on any level, from a system where a privileged few own everything and the rest of us struggle to make do.
5472	No, if you can get more throughput with just 4 cores, the the HT doesn't really matter.
5473	No, I’m not gay.
5474	No lie, they didn't know how to answer question.
5475	No matter how detailed and complete a project plan may be for any project, confusion or omission of participant roles and responsibilities will cause major problems.
5476	No matter the occasion, promotion, or time of year, Disney theme parks are going to have a specialty cupcake.
5477	Nominated for an Academy Award in 2014, “Happy” hit number one on Billboard’s Hot 100 list, and has topped the charts in more than seventy-five countries worldwide.
5478	Nominees: 85, down from 92.
5479	“None of our clients have put blockchain tech into production for their ERP systems yet,” says Nelson Nones, managing director of Geoprise Technologies, a maker of blockchain technology for ERP systems.
5480	None of this should be interpreted as saying electric cars are intrinsically harmful to the environment.
5481	Nonetheless, one container makes its way to Ankh-Morpork and into the life of a member of the Watch, for a subplot that will eventually tie into Vimes’s discoveries about good and evil as practiced in the Sticks.
5482	No, not turn your head as though locked in a brace, but actually kneel on the floor and feel as though you just put your head underwater to get a better look at a kelp bed below.
5483	Non Pay-Per-View events prioritize by the timer that was created first.
5484	No official proposal on the matter has been made.
5485	No one handed you your grades/diploma/job/home on a silver platter, but while you worked your ass off to get them, others had to run three times as fast to keep up.
5486	No one wanted to be around me; my friends, sick of my increasingly embarrassing behavior while under the influence, stopped inviting me out (and eventually stopped calling altogether).
5487	No other love lock will offer you such a body-rockin' range of sensa…
5488	No problem, just give the relevant lit key a tap.
5489	No real pain when the doc put it in (uncomfortable yes).
5490	Normally our sites don’t include absolute links (https://example.
5491	Normally this collection of fangs, claws, and angry maws is kept in check by Medivh’s reliable Curator, but it seems like he’s having an off night.
5492	Normally, where I live, they are 39 cents per pound.
5493	North Carolina lenders generally use deeds of trust and promissory notes when issuing home loans.
5494	Northern Light Automatic is the perfect choice for growers in a region with a not so long summer.
5495	No, seriously not one!
5496	“No!” she said to him.
5497	No subletting, brokering, or assignment of Ads or Digital Services under any Order is permitted without the consent of Bandsintown.
5498	Notable: Petty rallied from an unscheduled early pit stop to clear mud from his windshield, leading from Lap 80 to the end of the 167-lap feature.
5499	Notably, Norway is among the top 10 nations famous for oil exports.
5500	Not a Carbonite Personal user?
5501	“Not administering the product properly will, in most cases, result in the pet not getting adequate protection,” says Dr. Cox.
5502	Not all cultures view an eclipse as a bad thing, says, a cultural astronomer at the University of the Western Cape in Bellville, South Africa, in an interview last year.
5503	Not all harm that we suffer is an infringement of our moral rights.
5504	Not allowed to install more plugin.
5505	Not all people, however, have an aptitude for this kind of homework and experience serious problems writing papers of this kind.
5506	Not a plug, but there is a company called “The Teaching Company” that sells college level courses on DVD, audio or download audio.
5507	Not a Stick – Waking Brain Cells"I like nonsense, it wakes up the brain cells."
5508	Not bad at all for an overall investment of $0 and 30 minutes.
5509	Note : I’ll surely do put your blog on my fave bookmark.
5510	Note: I think that this brand might also have B12 sublinguals of the same dosages, 1000 and 5000 mcg, that DO have that extra stuff in them, so read the labels carefully if you are thinking of purchasing these.
5511	Note: On the outgoing server the iOS says optional for user name and password.
5512	NOTE: Qt5 can also be downloaded/installed via the Qt website, though keep in mind that you will have to set the QTDIR environment variable to the Qt5 build base directory.
5513	Note that programs implementing transactions cannot be called directly.
5514	Note that strings are Java language objects, not pseudoarrays of characters as they are in C; however, the Java compiler understands that a string of characters enclosed within double quotes is to be instantiated as a String object.
5515	Note that you need to do this on every computer/operating system that you’ll use to try the SSL tests in this article.
5516	Note: The following post was originally written and published for an internal audience here at WordPress.com VIP.
5517	Note to John Robb and Dave Winer (who are asking for credit for their workour book about blogging isn't about giving credit to me.
5518	Not got this one yet, but I must - thanks Yvette!
5519	No. "The place where we still have a difference is whether the non-profit option is run by the government."
5520	Nothing but respect for my president and Queen Cardi.
5521	“Nothing could be further from the truth and these allegations are unsubstantiated,” Dan Hetlage, the director of media relations for US Customs and Border Protection, said in a statement.
5522	Nothing has changed here, you know.
5523	Nothing speaks to the value of a solution, or helps the prospective users get a glimpse into their future experience like a real-life customer success story.
5524	Notice any bugs or missing polls?
5525	Notice how relaxing your body feels—its weight, temperature, sense of comfort, connection to the bed.
5526	Notice that the comments before each directive give us an idea of what it's all about.
5527	Notice the resemblance between this and the recent Texas textbook standards?
5528	Notifications are immediately visible as users pick up their phones.
5529	Noting that he is a short-term pessimist, due to the concentration of power in technology and AI, Webber still believes that there are many good days still on the horizon.
5530	Not in that sense.
5531	Not just for the voyeuristic angle (though it's sort of like looking like other people's shopping carts when standing in line at the grocery store: ), but because I'm always looking for inspiration, too.
5532	Not listed on the but served all day long!
5533	No. Tokenization and encryption are very different technologies that have diverse pros and cons.
5534	Not only did I not know about the Jell-O family curse, I didn’t even know there was a family involved in Jell-O.
5535	Not only has your patronage allowed me to do this full time, but a day doesn’t go by that I’m not learning from your questions and comments.
5536	Not only is there inefficiency in terms of multiple applications and interfaces, but it is also highly likely that information is inconsistent between systems.
5537	Not only is this the “20 Sales in 20 Days Challenge,” but it’s also a contest!
5538	No trailer yet, no festival appearances announced as far as I can see.
5539	Not realising she was drugged, Clara imagined being at the volcano and throwing all the Doctor's TARDIS keys into lava, to blackmail him to save Danny, who had been killed in a road accident.
5540	Not really, it’s just a coincidence that I had all these elements on hand when the controversy happened.
5541	Not sexual criminals, but badly behaved.
5542	Not so, he says.
5543	Not sure about rye or triticale because I so seldom have those.
5544	Not sure if your website is accessible for all?
5545	Not that I would know, but dating in the public eye sounds like it could get pretty tricky.
5546	Not that there's been much research to define the parameters of these curves, compared to, say, proving salt is unhealthy.
5547	Not that this book needed to be a problem novel.
5548	Not totally convinced a wedding lounge area is the right idea for you?
5549	Not to worry, there is plenty of tension and suspense to keep the story interesting.
5550	Not unnatural as “bad” or “wrong”—I only mean different from me.
5551	Not valid in conjunction with any other programs, such as MileagePlus award travel and United Groups.
5552	Not what it looked like to me!
5553	November 1 begins Picture Book Month!
5554	November 9, 2017 — Del Mar, Calif — Today we are proud to announce has received funding from Intel Capital, Intel’s strategic investment and M&A organization.
5555	Nowadays when I'm in New York, I can afford a cab now and then, but I'll take the subway at the drop of a hat.
5556	Now Apple is just trying a lower price.
5557	Now bounded by seven nations, Poland has waxed and waned over the centuries, buffeted by the forces of regional history.
5558	Now celebrating its 20th anniversary, is a story of star-crossed love between Jeremiah, who is black, and Ellie, who is Jewish, after they meet at their Manhattan prep school.
5559	Now Dem voters in those two states have become increasingly upset by being disenfranchised, and by their own Party playing power games, and becoming increasingly unlikely to support either candidate.
5560	Now - for the best part - I actually have a DVD certificate to give away to one lucky reader!
5561	Now get cookin’—and stay tuned for a Thanksgiving wrap-up post tomorrow!
5562	Nowhere is this more true than in Mississippi, which has always had a reputation as the most extremist of the Southern states.
5563	Now he's Number Twelve.
5564	Now if only 64-bit was supported so you could actually load large solutions with all the features instead of that fake lightweight “load”…
5565	Now I must be getting old as I cannot work out my challenge (problem).
5566	Now I must try a blueberry pie with a graham cracker crust, because I think these are the best fruit-flavored Oreo cookies so far.
5567	Now is a great time to stock up!
5568	Now it’s Apple vs. ).
5569	Now it’s covers.
5570	Now it's time to fry up that bacon.
5571	Now it’s time to raise a glass (literally and physically) to toast the new couple and conclude your speech.
5572	Now it's time to stop, stop, stop.
5573	Now I won’t see Foo icons everywhere that are useless to me.
5574	Now, just in time for 's 30th anniversary, director Ron Howard has returned to Lucasfilm with Solo: A Star Wars Story, he's working again with Warwick Davis, AND he's admitted that there could be more on the way.
5575	Now let's go to our victim machine and navigate to our address from their browser.
5576	Now, Mayor Rahm Emanuel had tapped him to meet the city’s new goal of not just using data analysis to improve services, but to open up the city data to the public.
5577	Now, RBAC, which is the Role Based Access Control, was released as beta in Kubernetes 1.6.
5578	Now seven years later, her iconic makeup line has an eyeliner as razor sharp as her comebacks.
5579	Now, she continues her ground-breaking exploration of the human energy field, or aura -- the source of our experience.
5580	Now take the trade paperback book.
5581	Now that summer’s at hand, mint, basil and oregano can step in. And if you save this recipe for winter, sturdy Italian parsley substitutes nicely for all the herbs.
5582	Now that we have the technology to instantaneously separate viewable and non-viewable impressions, there’s just no reason for media buyers to pay for ads no one can see or for publishers to accept mediocre CPMs for their highest-quality inventory.
5583	Now that we know all that there is to know about the Ryzen 3 lineup so far, let's dive into performance testing.
5584	Now the Senator from Louisiana is in an old-fashioned brawl with the White House over his hold on the nomination of Craig Fugate at FEMA, with the respective spokespeople sending hate messages back and forth across the playground, via reporters.
5585	Now, these tests don't assess suitability for media streaming.
5586	Now this country really has endless attractions.
5587	Now, try reducing the width of your browser just a bit.
5588	Now, we have a re-print of a complete Sunday story, but digitally reconstructed to the point that it surpasses the quality of the original!
5589	Now William often lets a story lull him to sleep instead of music.
5590	Now your lips invitingly shine without a feeling of heaviness and a sticky texture.
5591	No, you should not love books just because the author can do flips, run on stilts, breathe fire or use a bow and arrows.
5592	NT binaries can only run out of DrvFs paths (for example: /mnt/c/Windows/System32).
5593	Number of requests that triggered a WAF rule and were passed.
5594	Numerous news outlets around the world posted opinion pieces, critiques and analyses of hi.
5595	Nwaba produced 14 points (5-16 FG, 1-3 3Pt, 2-3 FT), six rebounds, two assists and one steal in 29 minutes during Wednesday's 119-87 loss to Detroit.
5596	OASIS - order online at http://K12oasis.
5597	Obi and mother Saffron at the Dallas Zoo.
5598	Obtained court dismissal of ERISA fiduciary breach and prohibited transaction claims against trustees of multi-employer pension plan.
5599	Obvious colours that positively impact on our moods would be yellow and reds but sometimes they can be a little overpowering when used in an isolated way however they can work well when used minimally or incorporated into accessories and so on.
5600	Obviously the location was fine, but the concept and atmosphere were wrong.
5601	Obviously, Twitter had a field day with the photo.
5602	Occasionally, brackets are cemented to the back of teeth, in order to hide them from view.
5603	Ocean Drive will be closed to vehicles from Friday morning through Tuesday morning.
5604	Octoly.com is visited by 271,000 visitors per month, making it among the most popular influencer marketing platforms.
5605	OCULUS and the OCULUS logo are trademarks of Oculus VR, LLC.
5606	Odd ideas or genius innovations?
5607	Odle’s personal physician prescribed three medications during a follow-up visit after the screening.
5608	Of a larcenous turn, the two confederates match their differing if mutual skills to thievery and mercenary employment, usually with serio-comedic results.
5609	Of all the inexpensive cuts of beef, it's one of the most versatile.
5610	Of children 3 or younger, 14 percent have played video games.
5611	Of course, all of this is as automated as possible, including environment creation, compilation, and test job setup, so the pipeline is effectively self-hosting and self-configuring.
5612	Of course hubby was chuckling.
5613	Of course, I also recommend that this change be enacted slowly, no more than a site every week or two, so that the SE staff doesn't have too much to handle all at once.
5614	Of course, I had to.
5615	Of course it is a ball but neither one of them realizes this.
5616	Of course, it’s also safe to assume that the organizations that fail to make that transformation won’t likely be around to see how it all turns out.
5617	Of course, I visited some big players, too, such as NASA, Ford, Autodesk (a sponsor), and others.
5618	Of course Mpixels are not that relevant.
5619	Of course, no trip to south Florida would be complete without exploring the area’s pristine beaches and unique inland ecosystem.
5620	Of course there’s a bias; the person choosing the links is just that: one person.
5621	Of course, there will also be further changes to the look of the Joann stores themselves.
5622	Of course, this will contain spoilers so if you haven’t seen it yet it’s best to watch it asap (through platforms like ) and then come back here for the recap.
5623	Of course, you are anyway.
5624	Of course, you can switch this up.
5625	Of Course you have to pay for it.
5626	Of course you might have to sub the pie crust I made because it wasn't gluten free.
5627	Offering generous compensation packages is a way to retain quality employees, but increasing costs may make this difficult.
5628	Offer may be modified/withdrawn without notice.”
5629	Offers approval level.
5630	Offers minimal color contribution and low volatility.
5631	Official correspondence from Ericsson will only come from ericsson.
5632	Officials said they found files featuring “victims as young as 3 to 5 years old.”
5633	Often good projects are rejected because the timing or fit is bad.
5634	Often, if the disease has worsened over time, a cochlear implant is the right plan of action.
5635	Often, people become confused between these categories: so let’s look at the most popular one first, RTB.
5636	"Often the most profitable way to organize is to disintegrate and to partner"
5637	Often times we never see things from the perspective of the survivor.
5638	Of the cast-IRRFAN & SABA QAMAR are brilliant.
5639	Of the extant copies, eleven contain corrections in Blake’s handwriting.
5640	Of the nine security bulletins released for August Patch Tuesday, Windows Server operating systems are only affected by six.
5641	Of those who did know the hourly cost, 16% said it was greater than $10,000 per hour and 7% said downtime cost between $7,001 and $10,000 per hour.
5642	Oh, Alice, I do love you.
5643	Oh, and all my 12-Step peeps.
5644	Oh, and Dave I have never said anything about what low carb dieters CAN’T do.
5645	Oh and I wouldn't say music and dance is any less creative than making things with your hands!
5646	Oh, and perhaps less scary stuff and more facts would also be good.
5647	Oh by the way, good luck with the ten day live in experiment.
5648	Oh, definitely Bouchercon…it wasn’t Bouchercon’s first Bouchercon, but it was MY first Bouchercon and it was the BEST!
5649	Oh God, that was hilarious.
5650	Oh, have you seen the letter M?
5651	Oh Heather this recipe is absolutely amazing!
5652	Ohhhhh why do you put weird things in it like black beans?
5653	Oh, I'm still Dad, but now even my daughters call me Papa.
5654	Oh, I was happy’—simple joy.
5655	Oh, I was secretly married to her!
5656	“Oh, Johnny, I’m so glad that Lord Rawdon has arranged for the string quartet tonight.
5657	Oh my goodness, I'm so happy to know that.
5658	Oh, right, an ounce or two several times a week.
5659	Oh, the Oscars … the 90th annual Academy Awards - a celebration of film, art, fashion and culture.
5660	Oh, these are not so bad.
5661	Oh – this monologue may be ringing a few bells.
5662	Oh, to have the joy of granola once again in my life.
5663	Oh you are SO NICE to lend your books!
5664	Oil markets extend declines as record U.S. production offsets falling domestic stockpiles.
5665	Okay, now here I am arriving at my extremely fancy hotel this afternoon.
5666	OK, let's be honest.
5667	OK, now what am I supposed to do with this thing?
5668	OK, so "forever" might be a bit of an exageration.
5669	Okta provides a secure foundation.
5670	Old cosmetic laser technologies like carbon dioxide lasers and argon lasers are examples of continuous wave lasers.
5671	Older people are more likely to develop radiation pneumonitis than younger people.
5672	Old incoming messages are shown in the Received view.
5673	Old School General Assembly at Lexington-Adjournment.
5674	Ole Miss has only one conference loss (to Florida) and theoretically is in good tiebreaker position with a win vs. Alabama under its belt and both A&M and LSU on deck.
5675	Oliver orders Malcolm to take Curtis, Samantha, Thea and Felicity to a plane somewhere on the island so they are kept out of harm.
5676	Olivia Pierson is a Canadian model who appeared in the E! show "WAGS LA."
5677	OMB Uniform Guidance requires that grantees report not just their spending, but also the success and impact of their programmes.
5678	OMG, sugared pumpkin seeds look just amazing!
5679	OmiseGo: High profit potentialThe new market cycle of OMG will begin soon.
5680	On 8 May, you’ll be able to download Puppet Discovery to begin automating your entire infrastructure.
5681	On a completely different subject, I'm putting together new submissions guidelines to try to make my process faster and more efficient for everyone involved (especially, yes, me).
5682	On arrival, you can have lunch at Gaun Ghar and then explore Bandipur and the surrounding area.
5683	Once again, completing this form and pressing submit will compromise these details and send them over to the criminal.
5684	Once again, the taxpayer data used to try and gain access was stolen elsewhere — no personal information was compromised by the IRS systems, according to the Jan.
5685	Once again, we don't want to waste time performing repetitive analysis looking for dollar signs and converting string indexes to numeric representation at runtime.
5686	Once a lake called the "Nor' Loch," its water was drained creating a park — now a favorite among locals.
5687	Once, a player was being beaten by the other players so badly that he started killing himself as soon as he was being shot at, just so other players wouldn't get the points.
5688	Once glucose sticks to a hemoglobin protein, it typically remains there for the lifespan of the hemoglobin A protein (as long as 120 days).
5689	Once harboring aspirations to be the YouTube of sound, the Berlin-based company has struggled to remain viable, hamstrung by management missteps, an ineffective business strategy, and a stubborn music industry that would rather it had never existed.
5690	Once I got back in the car and the Bluetooth connection was established, bam iTunes.
5691	Once it's done you just shred!
5692	Once more the layer is floated on top of itself, the image get's even brighter and it's finished.
5693	“Once she realized who I was,” Dawson said as we drove away, “she knew she didn’t have to run.”
5694	Once that’s verified, Facebook will mail a postcard to their address with a special code to be entered online.
5695	Once the application initially loads (like the startup time for Temple Run (I hate those monkeys!) or Angry Birds) you are off on your own little handheld adventure.
5696	Once the box is dry, use a fine grit sandpaper to smooth the outside surface.
5697	Once the data has been restored, I recommend running a virus scan and doing a few quick checks to make sure that everything is there and that your server's applications have linked to the data properly.
5698	Once the pain goes away, the toxic side effects of dizziness and drowsiness come back.
5699	Once the patient is determined to be a good candidate for a heart transplant they are placed on the transplant list by the transplant center.
5700	Once the way is open, humans follow.
5701	Once they have an exploit ready, they run automated scrapers to scrape all the WordPress based sites which are not yet up to date.
5702	Once they have the basics down, they'll learn how to take their projects further by sweetening and mixing sound, compositing the footage, adjusting color, authoring DVDs, and much more.
5703	Once we settled in a bit, he took a map and showed us all the places we had to know to make our Budapest stay an unforgettable one.
5704	Once you have a deployment strategy, it’s a good idea to have key stakeholders sign-off on your plan, before you move forward.
5705	Once you have opened up this window, then you can see all your calculations “printed” onto it as you go.
5706	Once you have these figured out, plan to do some advertising on social or the blogs you’ve found during your guest blog research.
5707	Once your goal is set, you feel restless until you have aligned others with you.
5708	Once your gut is healed, over-eating is definitely an issue (no matter what kind of food), so portion control is really key.
5709	Once you've begun, the set-up process will take you through all the steps, including background image upload, whether you want the Group open or private and member invites.
5710	Once you’ve identified key tasks and content, you can explore any existing barriers and address these systematically.
5711	On CNN, the paper’s executive editor, Dean Baquet, of the Stephens hiring this way: “Didn’t we learn from this past election that our goal should be to understand different views?”
5712	ON COMBAT looks at what happens to the human body under the stresses of deadly battle and the impact on the nervous system, heart, breathing,…
5713	On days when you're not running, do squats, sit ups, lunges, and other strength exercises.
5714	On December 24, 2010 at 04:49 AM, Sceptical (guest) said.
5715	One agency, for instance, is working with a real estate company and looking for data on people shopping on Amazon.com for moving boxes.
5716	One, a "gruff and big man," forces badgers out of their setts for money or sport, to pit them against hounds.
5717	One can quibble with his rationale; him for suggesting that states have the right to ban same-sex marriage if they wish.
5718	One contains a viscous orange porridge coloured with shrimp and spotted with spring onions.
5719	One could almost compare it to the purity and strength and good design of projects by architect Richard Meier.
5720	One could quibble with specific titles, but the authors are all top-notch.
5721	One day, a cattle stampede finally gives him the opportunity to "go cowboy".
5722	One day, I want a baby grand in my living room so I can host need to bring back.
5723	One evening before the lady came in, I told Mom that I'd noticed something she did every time Poker Armstrong's name was mentioned.
5724	One example of an argument is the character-set information for the type.
5725	One I can personally vouch for is in Ketchikan, AK but an online search will yield others.
5726	One in 5 people are reinfected within 3 months after treatment.
5727	One in five youths in that age group in Maricopa County are not working and are not attending school.
5728	One in particular was the voice of a brawny man who decided to make my resting stop his next.
5729	One is of this, obviously, but the other is of your actual blog entry.
5730	One Minimal Festival Schedule Day 1 AnimationMonday friends, I hope you had all a great weekend :) I continue sharing with you pieces of the One Minimal Festival conceptual project.
5731	One Minor Client may accompany one or more adults for the purposes of being considered a Family Unit.
5732	One of Boston's best burgers.
5733	One of her lifetime beliefs was the strong love she felt for her country.
5734	One of Kolene's favorite places is the island of Nantucket, located 30 miles out to sea off the coast of Cape Cod where she showcases her original artwork.
5735	One of many nice sections along the Esplanade.
5736	One of my all time favorite movies!
5737	One of my favorite marketing tactics is reaching out to relevant blogs and asking them if they’d be willing to feature my product.
5738	One of my favorites was the museum in Varna - so many historical time periods with excellent artifacts.
5739	One of my favorite things about these books is all of the amazing illustrations.
5740	One of our family traditions is to have eclairs on Easter.
5741	One of the best tips for getting organized is to write down your goals, to-do lists, and tasks.
5742	One of the biggest challenges parents often face is learning how to raise children into good adults.
5743	One of the company’s executives telecommutes from a remote office with a slow Internet connection.
5744	One of the finest World War II historians delivers his long awaited singlevolume history - and it's been worth the wait.
5745	One of the first notable women Ansary features in her book is (1882-1961), “one of the most distinguished advocates for female education” (p.28).
5746	One of the first questions you should be asking of your organization is what availability is required for your database solution.
5747	One of the greatest fears of people with cancer is being alone.
5748	One of the highlights from the conference was "Efficiency and Effectiveness through DevOps" by the British Army.
5749	One of the lovely parts of being out of the field for a couple of years is catching up with the venues that have blossomed while I’ve been away.
5750	One of the most anticipated records of the year, Battle Born is an album that, like its namesake and the band that created it, does not back down from its own strengths.
5751	One of the most common things I use command prompt for is network diagnostics.
5752	One of the most formative books of this type that I've ever read is by David Bayles and Ted Orland.
5753	One of the solution that I have came across is MoveDirWithBITS here.
5754	One of the things that helped us evolve beyond the common pack animal was our ability to develop primitive and then advanced cultures through systems of lore and myth.
5755	One of the things that the boundary mask in the depth buffer couldn’t help with is deferred lighting.
5756	“One person cannot solve all the problems—we need all hands on deck.
5757	‘One person was killed and another six seriously injured in two crashes on the A64 yesterday.’
5758	One-quarter of HTG's membership uses StratOp or another tool, he said.
5759	One special note.
5760	One study found that 200 mcg of selenium given to pregnant women with thyroid peroxidase (TPO) antibodies could reduce the risk of postpartum thyroiditis.
5761	One thing I have noticed is that many of the “bad” reviews are from people who don’t like the kind of book the author writes.
5762	“One thing is clear.
5763	One thing we have been working on within Research at Google is developing methods for making casual videos look more professional, thereby providing users with a better viewing experience.
5764	One time authentication is fundamentally flawed when the threat is past the gate.
5765	One was Mr Cha, who might well have been Mr Trump’s ambassador to South Korea had he not made clear his horror at talk of pre-emptive military strikes on North Korea.
5766	One way the position will evolve is organization and discussion among analysts.
5767	On he shares what he's learned with men who've let those things fade into the background.
5768	On his podcast version, Savage addresses everything from "fucking first" on your wedding day to how to safely introduce anal sex.
5769	On January 14, 2011 at 05:43 PM, Jim Cooley said.
5770	On January 29, 2007 at 01:11 PM, transfatcrusader (guest) said.
5771	On judgment day for AT&T and Time Warner, why is this case a tough call?
5772	On June 2, the majority of the team (around 40 people) assembled for a day of communal writing, which ended with 10 completed songs.
5773	On June 5, Kathi Kromer stepped into the role of associate executive director of the American Library Association (ALA)’s Washington Office, succeeding Emily Sheketoff, who led the Washington Office for more than 17 years and retired on May 15.
5774	On June 8, an “unbreakable” rainbow was installed in Zbawiciela Square, central Warsaw in defiance of vandals who had burned down a similar design.
5775	Only 100 days into office, President Garfield was shot down in a train station by a disturbed office seeker.
5776	Only a few decades ago the idea of harnessing biotechnology to produce medicines appealed highly fanciful.
5777	Only a tiny handful of all Islamist plots have been responsible for the vast majority of casualties by Muslim domestic terrorists.
5778	Only focus keyword tab is available.
5779	Only in exceptional cases will the full IP address be transmitted to a server in the USA and truncated there.
5780	Only new installations of RHEL 7.2 and 7.1 are supported by Cloudera.
5781	Only one of them is likely to conflict with an existing habit.
5782	Only the little bunny is conventionally successful, but the others are both creative and true to their natures.
5783	Only three companies, Lenovo, Apple, and to a lesser extent, Toshiba, posted gains for PC sales in Q1.
5784	Only time in my life that I left some dessert on my plate.
5785	On Monday Pat McCrory, the Republican governor of North Carolina, the president of the Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law as "the single worst bill we have seen introduced since voter suppression bills began sweeping the country."
5786	On most issues, the two candidates appear to agree.
5787	On My Wish List for My House: The perfect master bathroom.
5788	On numerous occa…
5789	“On one condition, though.”
5790	On one pillow—my softest pillow—I’d lay my head, and on the pillow directly beside me I’d lay down my computer, which would hum softly and blink silently until eventually clicking off completely.
5791	On our last day in Kota Bharu, after a morning of too much food and before the long drive back to Penang, we stopped in to bid Pak Din farewell.
5792	On Saturday, February 25, community members are invited to attend the New Brunswick Community Food Alliance’s annual community Food Forum.
5793	On Saturday, July 7, Articuno will be available in Raid Battles around the world for a three-hour period.
5794	On second thought, I'll triple it."
5795	On Sunday, OpenTable had the great pleasure of sponsoring Michael Murphy’s Annual Rosé Bowl at Jonathan Waxman’s restaurant in Manhattan.
5796	Ontario’s debt load has exploded since the financial crisis of 2008 and under the past two Liberal administrations.
5797	On the audio quality side, I found the Porta Pro Wireless to be virtually indistinguishable from the Porta Pro.
5798	On the basis of deployment modes, the AI in telecommunication market is segmented into cloud and on-premises.
5799	On the eve of the Civil War, one soldier embodied the legacy of George Washington and the hopes of leaders across a divided land.
5800	On the "fiction" side there are the who will seek the familiar novel that their teacher just finished reading to them.
5801	On their quest to recover a dangerous, living weapon in rebel hands it seems that the greatest opposition comes from among their own people and Nova must choose between duty to her command and loyalty to her friends.
5802	On the last days of the Pastry Chef Conference we broke off into 5 teams and each produced 4 desserts.
5803	On the left side you have the navigation drawer.
5804	On the nose music selection is on the nose.
5805	On the other hand the philosophers in the Academy keep their dignity.
5806	On the right is a painting that is an ode to my favorite sports teams, the New York Mets."
5807	On top, Mary has a lot of orange and red going on.
5808	On top of all that, there’s a jerky competitor trying to eliminate Alias Investigations, a serial killer of some sort, her best friend Trish playing sidekick, and an ominously familiar face.
5809	On top of that I could tell right away that NONE of the designers or management had played previous Splatterhouse games to feel what makes the gameplay spine of the game especially the third one.
5810	On top of that, I want to propose some strategies to cope with these changes and perhaps a sudden drop in traffic.
5811	On top of that, the FX series includes a Hybrid HDD, which performs 6x faster than your typical HDD.
5812	On your DeviantArt gallery, you have a calendar called “” featuring various works.
5813	Ooooooh, that looks and sounds very good.
5814	Ooops, something didn’t work :(
5815	Oops, I meant to say fiction!
5816	Opened in 2000, Musée romain de Vallon was built on an expansive Gallo-Roman estate and boasts two extraordinarily well-preserved mosaics.
5817	Open-ended questions allow the person with whom you’re speaking to give a free-form answer whereas someone can answer a close-ended question with a “yes” or a “no.”
5818	Open-ended questions give the client control of the session as the therapist follows their lead.
5819	Open ID Connect is changing the world of real estate technology by making it easier than ever to develop and use business applications, but it's not just good for convenience's sake.
5820	Open the file that we were working in earlier.
5821	Open the Mail app, click the Mail menu, and select Preferences.
5822	Open your project at https://bigquery.
5823	Operating income was $491 million, or 18.2% of revenues.
5824	Or a big iguana may crawl out of a bush, stand a moment stock still, before scurrying away.
5825	Or directly with "Joy Preble" in the subject line.
5826	Or else, have you tried halving the recipe?
5827	Organic chicken should smell like corn or whichever feed it has been given.
5828	Or get an in-store price promotion.
5829	OR guarantee that all personal-data is stored in the EU -- This would sidestep any debate about jurisdiction and compliance with GDPR.
5830	Or hey, just tap your watch while you're out taking pictures to store a log of geotagging data that you can sync up to your photos later on.
5831	Or his bright argyle socks?
5832	Original Cheese (Paradise Seeds) One of the finest strains to ever come out of England, Original Cheese by Paradise Seeds is an unadulterated descendant of the first Cheese to come out of the UK.
5833	Original: Fan favorite character Gay Tony is returning to Grand Theft Auto in GTA Online’s upcoming nightclub update.
5834	Originally created in 2009, the beloved Saint + Sinner fragrances are resurrected with the same covetable scents and a completely reimagined design.
5835	Originally from the Pacific Northwest, she now lives with her wife and their lime tree in Los Angeles.
5836	Originally from the suburbs of Philadelphia, Madelaine earned a B.A. from the University of Chicago in Political Science.
5837	Or is it a secretly coded private nod to someone important in his life?
5838	Or is there another workaround?
5839	Or is there perhaps someone else for him to fall in love with.
5840	Or I was asleep, maybe.
5841	Or keep names attached to faces or policies aligned with those names and faces.
5842	Or maybe put a sign on MY OWN door cautioning me against opening blogs and Facebook.
5843	Or maybe use something instead of cream cheese?
5844	Or maybe you're here because it's Poetry Friday, and you're looking at the roundup of posts - kindly collected by Laura.
5845	Or not, depending on your interpretation of the two films’ deliberately ambiguous endings, which hint that some knowledge can never truly be erased.
5846	Or run some numbers, toss out a % of outliers, and run em again.
5847	Or she could say, rather curtly, "No thanks.
5848	Or that you could make a passable substitute for a crown roast of lamb by slitting hot dogs and standing them upright around a mound of sauerkraut?
5849	Or you can add new costumes by clicking “paint new costume” or “addcostume from library.”
5850	Osteoporosis is caused by a loss of bone mass caused by a deficiency in Calcium, Vitamin D, Magnesium as well as other vitamins and minerals.
5851	Other advantages are the little-known Eastern European singers and the Pro Arte Women's Choir of Nyiregyhaza in the vocal passages, and the three little-performed songs by that wind down the program, looking in places beyond 's music stylistically.
5852	Other companies provide a solution that combines hardware and software, as StoreAge Networking Technologies does with its Storage Virtualization Manager (SVM) SAN appliance.
5853	Other countries helping them with information about the ships?
5854	Other Pacific Northwest specialties you'll likely see on the menu or complementing dishes include game meats like moose, caribou and elk, wild mushrooms and fresh berry jams.
5855	Other persistence types that are applicable to the specific virtual server type can be selected from the Others list.
5856	Other search engines were already doing this.
5857	Others have gone as far as registering their company (11.4 percent) and bringing on a business partner (11.4 percent).
5858	Others let it go further, to develop more cultured flavor.
5859	Other stops on the Palmento tour include a reading and signing at (2251 Chestnut St.) on Monday October 25th at 6pm, and then a Sicilian dinner that night at (2355 Chestnut St.) at 7pm (space is limited, call 415-771-2217 for reservations).
5860	Other than maybe giving yourself a night of insomnia, intentionally or not, you weren’t looking at any seriously deleterious effects from the quantity of the ingredient you could actually ingest.
5861	Other than the fact that they'd been coming out over the decades and just ignored, that's just a stupid question.
5862	Other than the fourth park and Nintendo, another mystery is what will replace Terminator 2: 3D, which closed last October at Universal Studios.
5863	Other times, it’s the same product customized to meet that market’s needs.
5864	Other titles to be expected from this new generation of superhero films include Silver and Black, Nightwatch and Morbius the Living Vampire.
5865	“Otherwise, as our data show, a hunter can shoot himself in the foot.”
5866	Otherwise followed the recipe, roasting the cauliflower was nice and hands off.
5867	Otherwise, the loan application is rejected."
5868	Other workshops cover designing and launching rockets, building a planetarium, investigating bubble geometry, surfing the Internet and creating a colony on Mars and more.
5869	Other writers might have opted to leave her survival a mystery, and in refusing to do so, Parry makes it clear that his book is not your typical true-crime thriller.
5870	Our ambitions are high, and our ability to execute higher.
5871	Our apartment is located in the famous Gozsdu Court, in the heart of most popular area of Budapest, the Jewish Quarter.
5872	Our automatic inflation unit will adjust blower speed to compensate for small caliber holes, and the antenna will stay inflated.
5873	Our business users are happy because they have fewer places to go and fewer passwords to remember,” he says.
5874	Our CEO Hayes Davis appeared on Bloomberg Business to talk Project Lightning, which later became Twitter Moments.
5875	Our clients are looking for new opportunities in mobility and recognize that they need to redirect their attentions and resource to focusing on agile, innovative engagement.
5876	Our commitment to establishing and maintaining best procurement practices led us to develop a purchasing database system that incorporates key supplier diversity information.
5877	Our Company reserves the right to transfer your personal information in connection with the sale or transfer of all or a portion of our business or assets.
5878	Our driver, Mitch and especially our guide, Pater ensured success!
5879	Our earliest source among the daily records written by pilgrims, known as itinera sacra, is an anonymous man from Bordeaux, France.
5880	Our editors and industry insiders share their best day-of tips and tricks.
5881	Our efforts were recognized by several third-party organizations in 2017.
5882	Our family, the Hornicks—my mom, Mary Ann, my dad, Joseph, my brothers, Bob and Paul, and me—live in a log cabin on over an acre of land in Woodway, a tiny town outside Seattle made up of houses with big backyards abutting a forest.
5883	Our gas clean-up catalysts were applied in the reformer.
5884	Our ideals resemble the stars, which illuminate the night.
5885	Our kids are different from us, and from each other.
5886	Our latest new arrivals include much anticipated continuations to popular series from such authors as Greg Keyes, Katharine Kerr, Kevin J. Anderson, Paul Kearney, Kate Forsyth, and Harry Turtledove.
5887	Our liberty is hard won and yet self-proclaimed experts are saying ‘Take our word for it, trust us’.
5888	“Our marketing efforts are mixed with a strong community approach and public relations strategies, rounding out our success in each market."
5889	Our mission is to accelerate the success of female funders & founders in tech.
5890	Our movement will never win as long as many of us are unsafe.
5891	Our national businesses are growing quickly, achieving the scale necessary to be meaningful players in the national media landscape.”
5892	Our next RS tour will involve multiple locations.
5893	"Our offer to buy future receipts could be anywhere from 15% to 25%, depending on the risk factor involved with the company."
5894	Our Personal Lines Department writes a full range of coverage’s for Utah's residents.
5895	Our personnel’s wellbeing at work is a key success factor.
5896	Our plan always included having children.
5897	Our solutions address every need with a portfolio of tools that help you observe, measure, and understand where your students are and how to get them where they need to be.
5898	· Our Souls at Night, by Kent Haruf, is a beautifully told story of friendship and love between Louis and Addie, widowed neighbors in their 70s, as they face not only small-town gossip but also disapproval from their adult children.
5899	Ours proved shiny, though neither fast nor expensive.
5900	Our technology is built on proven memory science that helps students learn faster and remember longer.
5901	Our tent sale will be on August 20 – hope to see you there!
5902	Our trust architecture helps ensure the integrity of systems throughout their lifecycle: commissioning, boot up, run time, and decommissioning.
5903	Outpatient plans may be more convenient to you, but lack the constancy and assets of 1 month programs to get over your addiction.
5904	Outside, I untied Winnie from the streetlight, put my gloves on, and headed back toward home.
5905	Outside of cryptocurrency, blockchain has many purported use cases in scenarios that require an immutable ledger.
5906	Outsmart Yourself: Brain-Based Strategies to a Better You will give you insights into how your mind works and the tools you need to make lasting change.
5907	OVA1™ Test is a trademark of Vermillion Inc.
5908	Over a few hours the rice powder is relieved of its moisture.
5909	Overall a nice summery blend of flavors.
5910	Overall grade: C+ because even though it was easy to make, I don’t think the brownie portion of it was that outstanding.
5911	Overall, the countries with the most lung cancer worldwide include Hungary, Serbia, and Korea.
5912	Overall the interior design is pretty minimalistic and modern-looking with few controls in the center stack and front center console.
5913	Overall, this was engrossing, if confusing, read.
5914	Overall, while the idea of compiling JS to LLVM is appealing in theory, I think that JavaScript semantics is so much richer (especially because of dynamicity) than LLVM that it may be impossible to efficiently do this compilation.
5915	Over on the Everyday Diversity blog, I recently published a list of over a hundred titles that show representational diversity, and the plan is to continue adding to the list as well as providing reviews and suggestions for library and classroom use.
5916	Over the last several years, Simon & Schuster India has significantly grown its presence in the Indian marketplace.
5917	Over the past decade, city-funded has been considered the bright spot.
5918	Over the past few seasons, I’ve been really inspired by what is happening in the world, and have allowed my emotions to influence my collections and the brand’s creative direction.”
5919	Over the past three years I have been tested with just about all the test known to mankind- all normal.
5920	Over the years the line between Black Friday and Cyber Monday has blurred, and in 2016 Amazon started their countdown on November 1. Other online sites are anticipated to follow its lead this year.
5921	Over the years, things would change — slang and styles, a new set of cool kids at the end of the bar.
5922	Over time, Guetta infiltrated the graffiti and street art scene in Los Angeles, befriending and other prominent figures.
5923	Over time, many organizations have continued to rely on hand coding of data integration logic rather than using commercial data integration software.
5924	Over time, the concept of manliness and gender roles have been tied to some strict and binding definitions.
5925	Over time, you can include more teams and create greater success within the organization.
5926	"Over time, you start to grow differently and do you evolve together, or do you not?
5927	Oz and Ends: July 2010Musings about some of my favorite fantasy literature for young readers, comics old and new, the peculiar publishing industry, the future of books, kids today, and the writing process.
5928	Pablo Picasso and his wife Jacqueline Roque at their home in Vallauris on October 22, 1961.
5929	Pagel argues that the human proclivity for “social learning” has allowed us to create extensive cultural survival vehicles that provide us with our “cultural body” that “wraps us in a protective layer … of knowledge and technologies.”
5930	Pages look good both with and without additional widgets, and the Genesis Framework lets you modify the style sheets to get external widgets looking exactly as you want them.
5931	Pages previously cut for binding purposed, with minor loss of last characters on outer edge of page 10-14, otherwise fresh and clean.
5932	… pages: template: - project - article - contact …
5933	Paired with that is an NVIDIA GeForce GTX 980M with either 4GB or 8GB of GDDR5 memory.
5934	Pair with a glass of Sauvignon Blanc (the same wine you would use to cook the mussels).
5935	Päivi ifrån Småland (med rexarna you know.
5936	Panasonic appears to have rearranged their lineup a bit, with the GX9 serving more as a midrange model than its predecessors, sitting alongside the DSLR-style DMC-G85.
5937	Panay stressed Microsoft opted for full Office on Surface Go because it wanted users to be able to do they wanted without limitation.
5938	Panelists at the Channel Partners Conference and Expo 2017 provided insight into this complex market and typically tightknit community of buyers.
5939	Parental leave can be used for the adoption of a child or to take care of a child who becomes incapacitated, so it is more broadly applicable than just to the birth of a child.
5940	Parents are given notes on each pose, to let them know what benefits it brings and how to stay safe.
5941	Parfit was away much of the time doing battle with the icebreakers.
5942	Part "Bridget Jones Diary," part "Modern Family," "Valentina Goldman’s Immaculate Confusion" is the story of a woman trying to get a handle on her whacky life in America.
5943	Partly the strong ties of trade and cultural exchange.
5944	Party season is here and now is the time for glittery, holographic, statement nails.
5945	"Pass the Dutchie" was released in 1982 by the British-Jamaican reggae group Musical Youth.
5946	Past and future Sarahs keep popping into her life but don't always offer a whole lot of help.
5947	Pastrana said this is one of his favorite Knievel jumps just because of the visual.
5948	Patients who developed exudation discontinued treatment and received standard therapy, and none had evidence of adverse effects on visual or anatomic outcomes, said Steinle.
5949	Patients with can experience worsening of symptoms with metoclopramide.
5950	Patrick will help launch a block walk in Richardson, a Dallas-Fort Worth suburb, followed by a sit-down with campaign volunteers and fellows at campaign HQ, according to Hector Nieto, a consultant for the Allred campaign.
5951	Patriots submit tapes to league, but there's an 18-minute gap.
5952	Pattu realised the casualties in the blaze included Bhinder, his wife and their four-year old son.
5953	Peach kernel essential oil is extracted from the kernel, or pit, of a peach.
5954	Pediatric coagulation case studies, presented by Diane Nugent, MD, Professor of Hematology at Children’s Hospital of Orange County.
5955	Peeling the cucumber is largely a matter of taste, whether you prefer the look and texture of a cucumber with its peel or without.
5956	Peer inside an enlightening study involving monkeys, naked men on the beach, and naked women doing aerobics.
5957	Peking Garden’s head dim sum chef shows off his memorising noodle-making skills, as he transforms a lump of dough into delicate strands by hand.
5958	Penn recalled his experience reporting from Baghdad back in 2003.
5959	People are forgetting what this site is for.
5960	People come from great distances to admire Cluny's great abbey…which is no more.
5961	"People didn't realize that this was a show that featured a lot of flesh and burlesque."
5962	People do get sick, and if they are really ill, should not feel pressured to work.
5963	People from outside seem to be having the best time.
5964	People gather and sing songs of support for the ailing former South African President Nelson Mandela outside the Mediclinic Heart Hospital in Pretoria, South Africa, June 27, 2013.
5965	People have a right to spend their money on whatever they like.
5966	People have been influencing the genetics of dogs for millennia.
5967	People have been trying to pressure me into just tasting.
5968	People have such short memories — but then, someone here was surprised that Mo was brooding on climate change back in 1987.
5969	People in remote offices can feel cut off from what is happening at headquarters.
5970	People, like lobsters, size each other up, partly in consequence of stance.
5971	People may eventually ask you where you're from, what you do, and even what you think about the weather, but not before they've tried you out in some real conversation.
5972	People need to be able to refer whenever the mood strikes.
5973	People often have come in seeking this blend.
5974	People's personal conduct is always a dilemma for me as an employer.
5975	People walk past plastic garbage washed ashore at Versova beach near Mumbai, India.
5976	People who live in urban areas are especially impacted because they have “higher concentrations of environmental asthma triggers,” as the study put it.
5977	People with mobility disabilities may not be able to use a mouse or trackpad so your site must be functional via the keyboard alone, using tab or arrow keys.
5978	Peppermint oil helps reduce symptoms of IBS and also aids digestion in similar ways ginger essential oil does.
5979	PERBUNAN® 3445 F is an acrylonitrile butadiene rubber (NBR) copolymer by Arlanxeo.
5980	Perfect for those football and tailgate parties.
5981	Perfectly sharp, delivered to your lap, the HUAWEI MediaPad M3 Lite 10 gives you a clear view of every world you wish to inhabit.
5982	Performance is a strong trait of CocoaLumberjack, as in most of the cases it delivers faster results than NSlog.
5983	Performing tasks like breeding CryptoKitties involves paying Ether tokens to the Ethereum network, compensating the people running those Ethereum nodes for their computing power.
5984	Perhaps if grains represented a significant portion of our ancestral dietary history, things might be a bit different.
5985	Perhaps if she wasn't so smart these questions wouldn't bother her, but they do.
5986	Perhaps it will protect them from the less obviously related but dangerous effects of wheat throughout the body by stopping them from eating it or at keast not eating it in significant quantities consistently?
5987	Perhaps she is human after all.
5988	Perhaps someone someday reading these comments might have photos and will speak up but it's a slim chance in the dark so to speak.
5989	Perhaps there was some hope hiding in those vast amounts of pages, but I didn’t care enough about the characters to find out.
5990	Perhaps, this hypothesis suggests, the plane crashed or even landed and was hidden somewhere.
5991	Perhaps with charms, with spells.
5992	Perhaps your skin is clear and fresh now, but what will it be ten years hence?
5993	Permalink: http://www.boeingimages.com/archive/Final Boeing C-17 Globemaster III at Long Beach Assembly Facility-2JRSXLJVN7UA.
5994	Personally, I would be happy paying around $8 for Wool 5. After reading 1-4, I trust that it will be well worth the money.
5995	Person teaches world history.
5996	Per the official rules, your video shouldn’t be longer than five minutes.
5997	Peter Greenaway’s highly stylized approach and “clever” touches can sometimes work against him, creating works that are as much curious artifacts as they are complete films.
5998	Pete Williams on Manafort trial’s start: Opening statements reveal Defense plansYou have been successfully added to our newsletter.
5999	Philip Roth’s American Portraits and American Prophecy The novelist and short-story writer Philip Roth died in May at the age of eighty-five.
6000	Phillips pays his workers at Penny’s $15 an hour, but does not provide health care because it would cause him to lose money.
6001	Phillips said the Lord’s Church LA online audience is now larger than the local congregation and serves people in North America, Europe, and Asia through Facebook, YouTube, and the church’s own website.
6002	"Philly rated most facial hair friendly city,"
6003	Phoebe wouldn’t settle like that.
6004	Photo: Students bid for items of interest in our silent classroom auction.
6005	Physicians typically order tests to gain more insight into how to diagnose or treat an individual, but there is little information available about how to ensure that the right patients are receiving the right amount of testing.
6006	Pics look AMAZING as always ~ can’t wait to scheme up more fun together in LA!
6007	Pictured with Meekhof and Heethuis are Rep. Joe Haveman, R-Holland, (front left) and Rep. Roger Victory, R-Hudsonville, (front right) who both signed the tribute along with Meekhof and Gov. Rick Snyder.
6008	Pie should always be this simple.
6009	Pie Trip II is nearly upon us.
6010	Pigeons Playing Ping Pong are gods among men.
6011	Piggie leans in, smiling, but then points out "You will have to."
6012	Pig runs and plays with other animals despite have a shortened spine, misshapen hips and no neck.
6013	Pig scripts are translated into a series of that are run on the Apache Hadoop cluster.
6014	Piloting paid subscriptions allows Facebook group admins to make money off of the time they spend working on their groups.
6015	Place a small plate on top to ensure the bird is completely covered by the liquid.
6016	Place cookie top down directly into frosting, then slowly peel cookie away to one side, turning upright, and let excess fall off.
6017	Place hollowed out vegetable “boats” in a baking pan that will accommodate them all easily.
6018	Place on plate and drizzle yellow and red coulis around with extra shoots and sprouts and cherry tomatoes.
6019	Place silicone mats on two cookie sheets.
6020	Place the baking tin ring around the dough and close the latch to seal.
6021	Place the pot of caramel back over a medium-high heat and bring it to a boil.
6022	Place the romaine lettuce in a large bowl.
6023	Plain-English summaries are the way of the future” (Keynote speech, Access to Understanding competition awards ceremony 2014).
6024	Plans designed for use on eligible devices as specified in these Plan Terms and the AT&T PREPAID brochure.
6025	"Plan what you can and prepare for what you can’t."
6026	Plaster was shaken down and articles were thrown from shelves at St. Augustine and, to the south, at Daytona Beach.
6027	Played his final 35 holes without a bogey.
6028	Playing with blocks also offers the creativity benefits of developing their own designs, the social benefits of playing together in groups, and the physical benefits of improved dexterity and hand-eye coordination.
6029	Play is just as important as structured learning, and kids don't get enough of it today.
6030	Playwright Lin-Manuel Miranda, actress Laura Benanti, and comedian Rachel Dratch were among the many boldface names who came out to catch the performance.
6031	Please also see Question and Answer 15 for a description of the potential consequences to you if you decide not to participate in the offer and instead keep your current options.
6032	Please, check out the wonderful prizes I know this is a harder year than previous ones, financially, but I like to remind myself that I am lucky to have a roof over my head and enough to eat when there are so many other without those necessities.
6033	Please check your account in a few days and try again.
6034	Please contact Customer Service if you experience a delay in the receipt of either your order or your invoice.
6035	Pleased with his findings, he stood and regained his balance with the ground.
6036	Please feel free to have a large serving of Jaegermeister, or any approved equivalent on behalf of myself and the rest of your readers!
6037	Please keep writing honestly and from the heart.
6038	Please note that the Unity Certification ID they ask for is an identifier unique to an account in the Pearson VUE system.
6039	Please on the Westside!
6040	Please provide details about your personal data request.
6041	Please provide labor to load, drive, and unload.
6042	Please read a note from our publisher about the significance of this special project.
6043	Please see the snazzy award icon on our sidebar which links to their site.
6044	Please show me that you do, too.
6045	"Plitvice national park, even though we experienced it in a torrential downpour.
6046	Plus a big Dell sale, deals on PS Plus subscriptions and Chromecasts, and more.
6047	Plus, add a dose of natural nutrients to your mornings with her reishi mushroom latte recipe.
6048	Plus, DC’s New Gods movie has a writer, Rocket Raccoon does not care for the Avengers, and more.
6049	Plus I'm fascinated by the intersection of fantasy and reality.
6050	Plus it was cool to learn a little bit about cockatoos.
6051	Plus it will be a status symbol to hail a downtown cab at 62nd St.
6052	Plus, the cover!”
6053	Plus their non-voting shares so you do not have to have board meetings, etc.
6054	Plus, the peppermint-scented formula is spiked with super-fine sugar crystals, which lends just enough grit to exfoliate dead skin.
6055	Plus, the very latest in the FBI's posturing, and fresh "iPhone 7" rumors.
6056	Plus, they'll review the new album from Justin Timberlake.
6057	Plus, they’re loaded with potassium to help you recover post-workout.
6058	Plus, you get a Porsche with two trunks and a sub-911 price.
6059	Pocket Star loves debut authors, and at these prices, we’re pretty sure you’ll love them too.
6060	Poehler pointed to Alexandria, where Planned Parenthood recently lost the lease on its clinic and had to scramble to find a new location.
6061	"Poetry in New Zealand is in fantastic shape with a number of brilliant new poets making themselves known," said Miriama Kamo, convenor of the judging panel for the New Zealand Post Book Awards.
6062	Poetry is all around us, sometimes in words we hardly bother to hear.
6063	Poisoned Fiction Review: Are you going to Left Coast Crime?
6064	Polanski refers here to 42 days he spent in Chino under 'psychiatric evaluation' to sentencing.
6065	Police at the World Cup have been lenient as authorities have sought to show visiting fans that Russia is safe and secure, but also open and welcoming.
6066	Politico's poll also found that more Democrats would vote for an as yet to be named generic candidate in a battle against Trump, but that only 80% of Democrats would commit to voting for Biden by name.
6067	"Polling also relies on experimental design methodology, which means marketers can clearly observe the changes in brand metrics caused by their campaigns," the blog post said.
6068	Pomije attributes some of the buzz to the author’s online networking: “He’s been on top of that from day one.”
6069	Poncho set down the tray next to her and handed her a napkin.
6070	Ponemon’s survey underscores the scope of global data breaches; 51 percent of respondents reported their companies experienced a global data breach in the past five years, and 56 percent of breached companies had more than one incident.
6071	Poor user experience kills companies,” said Dan Levine of Accel.
6072	Pop open your business bank account and take a look at the past few months of transactions.
6073	Popular Tags in RF Radar Front-End The following tags are frequently used with this category.
6074	Population is by far the most important item we have to deal with.
6075	Positive education pairs traditional schooling with positive psychology interventions to improve wellbeing.
6076	POSNER: The executive branch went from basically a post office at the founding to, it now has I think three million people or so.
6077	Posted Tuesday 7/31/18 at 1:32PM EDT fans closure with a two-part series finale The time-travel drama has been un-canceled for a second time, as NBC has ordered a two-hour wrap-up that it says will give “closure to the globetrotting series."
6078	Postgres as a Service -- you focus on building your app, while we run the database layer.
6079	Pour 1/4 cup sugar into shallow bowl.
6080	Pour batter in prepared cake pan and transfer to oven.
6081	Pour in the canned tomatoes and grab a small handful of fresh basil leaves and add to the mixture, stir to combine.
6082	Power turns what could have been a dry account of a series of interviews into a vibrant tale of a friendship and of her search for meaning through the contemplation of another religious tradition.
6083	Practice caution when using photos from free websites, though, as many of them still require that you credit the owner of the image.
6084	Prager, who left Coutts in 2016, told the investigation that she talked to a manager, Sarah Wyse, about the incident.
6085	Praying for Israel always, and the Lord’s return.
6086	Premium for Students - Spotify Looks like you're offline.
6087	Pre-multiplied alpha is a useful trick which enables the possibility of mixing two blend modes (in this case ADDITIVE and OVER blending) in the same draw call.
6088	Prepare ice bath by putting ice cubes and water into a bowl that will accommodate the pan.
6089	Prepare to be carried away on the wings of this highly recommended book!
6090	Prescription drug clinics, so-called “pill mills,” flooded the region several years ago with easy access to addictive drugs.
6091	Prescription mouthguards require a dental visit, but other custom designs allow purchasers to send their dental impression to the company’s manufacturing facility; they will receive their customized mouthguard in the mail.
6092	Pressing the hardware button will exit the app.
6093	Press Release – Visual IQ CEO Manu Mathew to Join “Grill the Vendors” Panel at OMMA Data & Targeting EventBy using this Site, you consent to the use of cookies.
6094	Press "t" to get the Type tool and create your type (I used the Helvetica Ultra Compressed font).
6095	Presumably most looters get away with it most of the time, which means that the full scale of the looting is probably considerably larger.
6096	Pretending she is able to robs her of the most basic civil right of all children, to protection by adults and by society in general.
6097	Pretty all over the place.
6098	Pretty cool place you’ve got here.
6099	Pride month commemorates the Stonewall Inn riots.
6100	Primrose-Smith leads IBM in its long-term agreement with the International Olympic Committee and oversees IBM's sponsorships with professional sports organizations in tennis, golf, basketball and hockey.
6101	Prior to being placed in the incubator, each egg is carefully marked using a fine lead pencil with a code indicating the female who laid the egg and the date it was laid.
6102	Prior to the execution of a security trade based upon the FactSet Information, you are advised to consult with your broker or other financial representative to verify pricing information.
6103	Prior to the recession, small retailers seldom felt the need to achieve efficiency in operations, since sales figures more than made up for such operational inefficiencies.
6104	Probably because people suck.
6105	Probably no surprise that James insisted on illustrating the cover for my first novel.
6106	Problem: now we get the data for last 30 days, but they all do not need us.
6107	Problem Three: You’re invited to your boss’s small birthday party.
6108	Procedure that govern class actions.
6109	Produced entirely by Kanye West, the spare and serrated solo album from Pusha-T is a near-airtight exercise in flair and focus.
6110	Product object or null if the product cannot be loaded.
6111	Product possible to recycle or use for energy recovery, if available in your community.
6112	Professor is passionate about the topic and is an excellent story-teller.
6113	Professor Royle said: "An ideal cancer treatment might be to block TACC3 interactions as well as stopping signalling.
6114	Prominent online publishers have reported advertising content to be 3 times heavier than their page’s editorial content.
6115	Promised the world and delivered living hell.
6116	Promote the development of sustainable-mobility policies by public authorities and transport companies.
6117	Proponents of moving to a microservices architecture often refer to this as “strangling the monolith.”
6118	Proprioception is your ability to determine where you are in space in the absence of vision.
6119	Prospective donors and volunteers ask about it.
6120	Protects against the aging of skin.
6121	Prove to everyone you can do more than write about sex or whatever.
6122	Provides a deeper level of relaxation.
6123	Provides the ability to express business rules and common sense in code.
6124	Providing quality, affordable products is only part of the solution to improve health through hygiene.
6125	P.S. I really must learn to knit, I know I'd love it!
6126	P/S: I think I've postponed long enough.
6127	PST file data into an archive, where it is centrally protected and accessible for search and discovery.
6128	Psychological SuspensePsychological ThrillerRecently divorced, Merilee Talbot Dunlap moves with her two children to the Atlanta suburb of Sweet Apple, Georgia.
6129	Psychologist Margaret Singer, 69, an outspoken Scientology critic and professor at the University of California, Berkeley, now travels regularly under an assumed name to avoid harassment.
6130	PT Ancol, one of two companies which operate the traveling circuses, has its headquarters in Jakarta, with the local government being a shareholder of the company.
6131	Public schools in at least 30 states now promote ‘character education’ as an anecdote to safety concerns, as well as troubling issues like teen pregnancy, truancy, and poor academic performance.
6132	Published on May 3 by She Writes Press, is a historical drama spanning the years 1933-1947.
6133	Pumpkin is a delicious and nutritious addition to your diet -- it's a versatile superfood that you can find at your supermarket!
6134	Puppet orchestrator technical overviewWhat happens during a Puppet orchestrator job?
6135	PushConstants can be practical for very a small amount of information passed to drawcalls.
6136	Put a large spoonful of the drunken milk jam in the bottom of the bowl.
6137	Put all of that together, and it's a comedy act in itself.
6138	Put simply, when you configure your block you will be able to select a particular style using a check-box.
6139	Put the chopped up henna block in a bowl that is safe for the boiling water.
6140	Put together a rough plan of connecting with them and getting on their radar.
6141	Put your headphones in and immerse yourself completely in your work.
6142	Pyosz snatched her burzaka from the hook and zoomed out the door.
6143	Qatari nationals living in the U.A.E. were officially given just 14 days to leave the country.
6144	Q: The word “revulsed” reared its ugly head in the CBS response to the Don Imus flap, as in this quote from Leslie Moonves: “I believe all of us have been deeply upset and revulsed by the statements that were made on the air.”
6145	Quality sleep is enormously important.
6146	Quarterback Brandon Bridge knows where he would like to see Duron Carter line up with the Saskatchewan Roughriders.
6147	Questions and Thoughts for Loud, Smart Women in Turbulent Times (St. Martin's Press), has appeared on to discuss gender, power, politics and humor.
6148	Quickly tag puppet layers and record multiple takes of a character’s movement.
6149	Quite a few of them are not that great.
6150	Rabbit Foot and Toby Time is a bit of a throwaway, a rocky instrumental by Mick Ralphs.
6151	Radilon® S NST60P90HSL by Radici is a heat stabilized, plasticized polyamide 6 (PA 6) grade.
6152	Radioactive iodine treatment (RAI)—Given in a single dose, either in a capsule or drink, it enters the thyroid, radiates thyroid cells, and damages and kills them.
6153	RadiumOne is a digital advertising company and values the privacy of consumers who visit the Site as well as web and mobile sites and applications where our technology.
6154	Raising money for a sole proprietorship can also be difficult.
6155	Random drug testing can be more effective at detecting and deterring drug use than pre-employment testing because employees do not know when they may be selected for testing.
6156	Rather than carrying an extra pair of shoes for going out on the town, I carry an extra lens.
6157	Rather than crediting the standard textbook icons, Russell demonstrates that it was those on the fringes of society whose subversive lifestyles helped legitimize the taboo and made America the land of the free.
6158	Rather than demonizing pornography, it makes more sense to ridicule it, along with the arrested emotional development of its purveyors.
6159	Rather than Mandela and Tiger, it should be a comparison betweenTiger Woods and Michael Jordan.
6160	Rather than packing the watch with a ton of functions, we felt it was important to provide user-friendly, easy-to-use functions that could be used without stressing out the user.
6161	Ratings of 10 are the most common overall accounting for 44 percent of responses.
6162	Raw Emotions, Suspense, RomanceWow, this book jumped right into the heat of things.
6163	R&B as wistful as it is slinky, is the elated sound of two people in creative harmony, and both he and Solange soaked up the attention and played off the mutual admiration.
6164	Read: "Blog SEO: add categories to your blog!"
6165	Readers will discover, step-by-step, how Geninne selects her materials and then creates her personal imagery.
6166	Reading labels is always wise, but with seltzer — in particular flavored seltzer — it can be tricky to know exactly what you’re getting.
6167	Read Just say Jesus from the story bible inspiration by boldbraveandfearless (B B + F) with 41 reads.
6168	Read more at Wonkette:"
6169	Read the transcript at https://www.
6170	“Read this and tell me how it sounds”
6171	Read this eBook to learn eight main identity and access management (IAM) challenges of adopting and deploying cloud applications.
6172	Real mayo is a must.
6173	Real second monitor don't needed if you find and share display.
6174	Reason 3 - You can’t compete with every person on the planet for your spouse’s attention.
6175	Recently, he wrote Yogi Berra’s obituary for SI.
6176	Recently, I received an email asking me if I would be interested in reviewing a new book on Daniel.
6177	Recently I was appearing at a crime fiction weekend, and after one event got talking with an American reader, who asked me where I was from.
6178	Recently, Kathleen Sgamma, president of the oil and gas trade group Western Energy Alliance, gushed to the New York Times, “not in our wildest dreams, never did we expect to get everything.”
6179	Recent Millward Brown Digital research has shown that the longer the amount of time needed for online research, the more likely a consumer is to prefer to use a desktop or laptop.
6180	Recent studies have linked loud noise exposure to heart damageflu viruses to heart attacks.
6181	Recognized as the capital of Silicon Valley, San Jose is known for its intelligent, highly educated residents – and their children appear to be following in their footsteps.
6182	Recognized for his efficient and impartial administration of even the most complex matters, he has earned a reputation for fairness and independence.
6183	Redbox launches a kiosk rental service.
6184	Reddit has announced a major security breach that’s left user details exposed – but what exactly was lost?
6185	Redefining what it means to travel in style, this luxury “floating hotel” offers a serene and minimalist-minded way of getting around Japan’s Seto Inland Sea.
6186	Red is quite the opposite.
6187	Reduce the heat, cover and simmer for 2 to 2 1/2 hours or until the meat is tender.
6188	Reduce the heat to medium high, and steam the mussels, covered, for 5 minutes.
6189	Reduce time spent cleaning, and ensure a healthy environment for your finned friend with an aquarium filter.
6190	Reformers wonder who among Mr. Trump’s advisers is steering his focus to costly weapons.
6191	Refresh your analytical skills and update your professional toolkit.
6192	Refrigerate at least 2 hours before serving.
6193	ReFS isn't a fit for everything.
6194	Regardless of the season, this recipe delivers a delicious dose of cozy comfort in every bite.
6195	Regardless of where your enterprise stands, there is also a need to reframe the data management strategy.
6196	Regardless, TransCanada owns both pipelines, so if this spill is indicative of what to expect with its proposed project, that’s not too good.
6197	Registered for NCTE in Philly and got the hotel room locked in.
6198	Regret is a terrible teacher, and denial, too, won’t keep you warm at night.
6199	Regrettably, this incident resulted in the loss of service for a specific and limited group of customers within the building for which we apologise.
6200	Regular price is $60.
6201	Relations are frosty, but it’s not remotely close to devolving into military conflict.
6202	Relationships are like that too.
6203	Relative humidity can be measured with a moisture or humidity meter, a small, inexpensive ($10 to $50) instrument available at many hardware stores.
6204	Released in January from HarperTeen.
6205	Release Numbering Change: As we integrate our publishing systems some minor adjustments will be made to ensure the ongoing accuracy of current content.
6206	Reliable lighting is imperative in operating rooms, exam rooms, patient’s quarters and hallways not only for accuracy, but also patient safety.
6207	Religious texts from The Bible to the Sumerian tablets speak of strange creatures descending from the heavens and mating with humans, their children the superhuman heroes of myth.
6208	Remember that the culture names and identifiers represent only a subset of cultures that can be found on a particular computer.
6209	Remember that time at your birthday party when he kept telling you what to wish for?”
6210	Remember, this guy has been on stage for 25 years.
6211	Remember when drinking at 21 left you with no hangover?
6212	Remember, when you focus on selling solutions instead of products, your sales interactions will be much more successful.
6213	Remember where you were when the Seahawks made it to the Super Bowl?
6214	Remove from oven once tender.
6215	Remove from the broiler and carefully slide the pizza onto a plate.
6216	Remove the laces from canvas or nylon sneakers and slip them into a cotton pillowcase where they won’t get tangled.
6217	Remove when desired browning is reached.
6218	Remove your penis, holding on to the rolled edge of the condom, as soon as you begin to lose your erection.
6219	Removing all temporary tables, other cleanup.
6220	Removing a president is a two-step process.
6221	Removing Gavin from the show at this stage feels like an unwise decision, as the interactions of “The Blood Boy” show both men’s approaches have merit and interesting ways to clash.
6222	Renee Loux discusses the difficulties facing the next generation.
6223	Repeat until you have filled your entire path.
6224	Representatives from the ride-sharing apps say the taxis just want to keep a "monopoly."
6225	“Republicans are solidly entrenched in Florida leadership now so to that end we own the messaging,” he said.
6226	Republicans have learned through a long string of PR successes (albeit, very few of any other kind) that the three "R’s" of moving public opinion are repetition, repetition, and repetition.
6227	Request a demo here!
6228	Requirements can be prioritized, a feature that’s useful if resources are insufficient to meet all requirements, and therefore trade-offs must be made.
6229	Re-reading those quotes makes me want to be a gig right now.
6230	Research and Documentation centreegta ensures that our members have somewhere to turn to when a question springs to mind or when information on the European market is urgently needed.
6231	Research areas where such technologies are being explored at ROCHE include onco-immunology and neuroscience.
6232	Researchers have developed an “artificial synapse” that does not process information like a digital computer but rather mimics the analog way the human brain completes tasks.
6233	Research suggests, however, that the omega-6 arachidonic acid (AA) and the omega-3 docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) are the only fatty acids that are truly essential.”
6234	Residential care offers enduring benefits with extended stays in a perfect rehabilitation clinic.
6235	Responsible for the communication between various groups and institutions for coordination of cellular product processing and release of products to nursing.
6236	Restructuring costs, downtime at Canadian oil sands weighed on earnings.
6237	Restructuring costs Second Quarter Six Months 1995 1994 Change 1995 1994 Change Restructuring costs -- -- -- $(17) -- -- Percentage of net sales Net -- -- (0.3%) --
6238	Result looks very natural.
6239	Results: It’s fast, responsive and includes great new features.
6240	Result: We just paid for Analytics 360, and hired a new engineering staff!
6241	“Retail shows the vibrancy of a city,” says Filley.
6242	Retired U.S. Marine Corps Lieutenant Colonel Oliver North speaks during the National Rifle Association Institute for Legislative Action (NRA-ILA) Leadership Forum during the NRA annual meeting in Dallas, Texas, U.S., on Friday, May 4, 2018.
6243	"Retirement" means retirement of a Participant from the Company on account of age on or after his or her 65th birthday or on account of disability under the Company's Long-Term Disability Program.
6244	Return soup to saucepan, and stir in thyme.
6245	Returns zero or more Components in this ZIndexManager using the custom search function passed to this method.
6246	Review: Bird Talk by Lita Judge – Waking Brain Cells"I like nonsense, it wakes up the brain cells."
6247	Review current IT backup and archiving systems including indexing and restoration.
6248	Reviewed 4 weeks ago Bullet Train from Shanghai to Huangshan.
6249	Review Gaming News, Photos, Videos & More - Kotaku searching for something that would knock me on my ass.
6250	Review: Little suspense, but plenty of kicks in 'Special ID'
6251	Reviews focus on the brutality on display, and it's true that the film is not easy to watch, with its powerful juxtaposition of sublime scenery and human degradation.
6252	Review the list and you may find the packages you need.
6253	Revision numbers signify the release of a Major/Minor pair.
6254	Rewrite rule caching was used for W3TC and WPRocket to ensure maximum peformance.
6255	R.H. Potfry eats, shoots and leaves in this post from his always hilarious blog.
6256	Richard’s most recent project, the comedic horror short film, ‘The Horribly Slow Murderer with the Extremely Inefficient Weapon,’ has received multiple film festival awards and driven his YouTube viewership as well.
6257	Rich, clear, easily accessible internal documentation provides much-needed context to engineering teams.
6258	Rick Colton’s job is not for the faint of heart.
6259	Right from custom modules, tabs, records for easy recall, personalize all your organization settings.
6260	Right-hander Sam Gaviglio (2-3, 4.65), acquired in March from Kansas City, will oppose Cahill for the Blue Jays, having won winless in his last 11 starts dating back to May 25.
6261	Right now I have only conducted one formal session to make fellow professionals aware of altmetrics.
6262	Right now I'm elbow-deep in Kim Severson's and enjoying it immensely.
6263	Right now, you can find edibles that go well over 1,000 mg per package but that will likely change come January.
6264	Right on the heels of California's historic legalization in early January, Attorney General Jeff Sessions gave federal prosecutors leeway to go after marijuana in states where it's legal.
6265	Ring the doorbell and you could well be welcomed into one of the best bars in Bristol.
6266	Rinse out and style.
6267	Rise of the Rocket Girls reveals the fascinating untold story of the heroic women who made America's space program possible.
6268	Rising demand for homes is a big reason why the state’s average mortgage rate stands at $250,467.
6269	Risingsun–beans are some of my favorite food….especially now that meat is not really suiting my palate at all.
6270	Risk is involved in most financial ventures, but it's most relevant in discussions of insurance.
6271	Roamers were free spirits, sometimes deprecatingly called space gypsies, whose clans filled niches too rugged and dangerous for more pampered people—such as the Sheol lava-processing operations.
6272	Roaming Aggressiveness from the Properties list.
6273	Robert is a regular speaker at conferences, meetups and corporate software events where he can be found speaking about topics as diverse as behavioral microeconomics in software development to implementing web services on 8-bit microcontrollers.
6274	Robert Moog traced out the wiring of it and rebuilt it for her in the 1970s, and she started performing again.
6275	Robin Ellis, the actor who played Poldark in the BBC’s 1970s adaptation, recalled being chased by female fans and Winston Graham, the novel’s author, furiously complained about the “salacious need” to transform Demelza into a “sexually loose.
6276	Rock-happy chefs P r-Anders Bergqvist and Anders Engvall have created the ultimate seafood cookbook filled with fifty-two recipes, one for each week of the year.
6277	Rodman Media controls and operates the Happi Website from its offices in the United States of America and makes no representation that the materials contained on the Happi Website are appropriate or will be available for use.
6278	Roger has just renovated the Albion Hotel into luxury condos and Hannah's sister is the real estate agent selling them.
6279	Roll each in the chopped almonds, coating well all over.
6280	Rolled oats is mostly the same as Quaker…rolled oats(most of the time) is rolled aats!
6281	Roller Derby is a 5-reel 20-payline slot themed around the same-name sport.
6282	Rome, Bologna, Florence and above all Venice rank very high in my list of top city destinations, but this time I was returning to Sicily, an island I've visited briefly as a cruise stop in the past.
6283	Ron Callahan hopes to open his titular brew pub in downtown Hughson by early 2019.
6284	Rookie linebacker Darius Leonard discusses how camp is going for him in his first year in the NFL.
6285	Rosanna’s philanthropic efforts are channeled through the Tuason Development Foundation Inc (TDFI), where she serves as President.
6286	Rostenkowski Pleads Guilty To Mail Fraud - The New York TimesNYTimes.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 9 or earlier.
6287	Rounding tax at subtotal level, instead of per line, the rounding is done at the level.
6288	RPA technology might be the missing puzzle piece to unlock this potential.
6289	Rub chunks of trimmed chuck steak (or lamb) generously with the mixture, thinly slice an onion or two, and mix everything together in a Ziploc bag.
6290	Ruby becomes someone not to be trifled with; a meaty sequel would be welcome.
6291	Ruby is the fire gem, the stone of the wounded sun.
6292	RubyMine is famous for its outstanding code analysis routines, which underlie all its productivity features such as smart code completion, code inspections and automatic refactorings.
6293	Rudolph E. Tanzi Deepak Chopra joins forces with leading physicist Menas Kafatos to explore some of the most important and baffling questions about our place in the world.
6294	Ruined the amazing Aquaman trailer.
6295	"Running startups is hard enough, we don’t need the extra burden."
6296	Run the mission.
6297	Rural customers will still need discs because their home ISPs cap data transfer at less than a dual layer DVD per month.
6298	Sadie believes in soul mates and is searching to find her true love.
6299	Sadly, even as Deran gave his father a wad of bills from the bar’s safe to tide him over, the way that Billy ogled the remaining money gave a pretty clear indication of what he was thinking.
6300	Salespeople sometimes create bad data as well, according to Wang, particularly when they "sand bag their forecasts and make guesses without confidence."
6301	Samantha is 14, an apricot cockapoo, much more cocker spaniel than poodle.
6302	Same for the different flavors of Linux, OS X, and so on.
6303	Sam Hoffer / My Carolina Kitchen Sounds divine Kaye and very authentic with the bay leaves on the tops.
6304	Samsung Dual Messenger – Install a second copy of a messaging app so you can use two accounts at the same time.
6305	Samsung Galaxy S8 launch, the company has released a statement regarding its plans to recycle Note 7 devices.
6306	San Francisco is very wealthy.
6307	Santa’s grotto is open throughout the three days of the show from Thursday 5th – Saturday 7th December between.
6308	Santa was good to me this year, which means I was well behaved, since being naughty only gets you coal.
6309	“Santiago killed net neutrality!”
6310	SAP and IBM have worked together for more than a decade in optimizing the use of SAP solutions running on DB2 for z/OS on System z, and the unveiling of this new publication further demonstrates the success of this collaboration.
6311	SAP HANA is a cloud-based platform that allows businesses to build, deploy and manage databases and apps wherever they need to.
6312	Sara, exactly how does that occur?
6313	Sara Gran is the author of five critically acclaimed novels, including and the Claire DeWitt series.
6314	Sarah Aspler (SA): What does Pulse Energy offer utilities customers?
6315	Sarah spoke with Read It Forward about the bookstore as a space of identity creation, the vital need for diversity in children’s literature, and most inspiring bake sale known to womankind.
6316	Saturday, June 30, 2012 · 12:02 pm ·
6317	Saute the garlic until aromatic.
6318	Save and exit nano. or what ever text editor you are using.
6319	Saving on licensing fees associated with virtualization technologies.
6320	“Say I quoted $6,000 to restain a floor,” he said.
6321	Sayragul Sauytbay, an ethnic Kazakh from Xinjiang, had been at risk of deportation to after being charged with illegally crossing the border.
6322	Say you're a guy who's always wanted to try having sex with another man.
6323	Say you’re sick in America, do you want to go back 50 years?
6324	Scaling a Gaming Business in China and Around the World - AppsFlyer모바일에 관한 모든 것을 간단하고 쉽게 측정합니다.
6325	Schools in Maine, Missouri and New Jersey have canceled or cut short their seasons this year due to injuries or low student interest.
6326	Schwab's role are not commission based.
6327	Science encompasses so many different fields that it can be difficult knowing where to start.
6328	Science website (requires subscribtion): http://science.
6329	Scientists can enter.
6330	Scikit-learn provides a great collection of transformers that can be put into a machine learning pipeline like beads on a necklace.
6331	Scott Pruitt’s tenure at EPA was an utter disgrace.
6332	Screen count, an age-old challenge for the Indian film industry increased marginally—from 9,481 in 2016 to 9,530 in 2017.
6333	Screen Rant: But congratulations on this film.
6334	Scroll down and tap Manage default apps.
6335	Scroll to the bottom of the list of preconfigured accounts.
6336	Sean - I think It very plausible that ADHD has an evolutionary advantage.
6337	Search for actions.
6338	Search for a high-quality rehabilitation clinic in Oakland now, and get moving on the path to sobriety.
6339	Searching for a delicious bite of pop culture once took on the contours of a treasure hunt.
6340	Sear the chicken breasts for about 2 minutes on each side, until grill marks appear if using a grill pan, or until nicely browned if using a regular pan.
6341	Season Two of startup featured original music written and performed by John DeLore and his band Hot moms dot gov.
6342	Season with salt and pepper, then add stock and vinegar, and allow to come to a boil.
6343	Seats are in section 316 row 1. $230 Face value for the pair.
6344	Second-class mail receives preferential rates because the dissemination of information through newspapers and other publications is considered to serve the public interest.
6345	Second, multiple channels of communication are actively employed.
6346	Second-party data-firm ownerIQ announced a revenue of about $60 million in revenue in 2015, a 50% year-over-year (YoY) growth.
6347	Second, Scalzi, never, ever respond to a message while I’m eating my slathered-with-hot-pepper Ramen noodles.
6348	Second, while ghostly quiet at Cottam, this alluring white noise absence is occasionally interrupted by airplanes flying low overhead as well as several government helicopters buzzing around.
6349	Secured an interview with the New York Times for a business school professor wanting to share findings of his research paper.
6350	Secure your Windows, Mac, Android, Linux, or your Business.
6351	Security at the top of mind?
6352	Security policies, standards, guidelines and procedures are typical tools an enterprise can use to enforce its security compliance.
6353	Security protocols written prior to the advent of same-day delivery of funds through ACH transfers need to be revisited to determine their commercial reasonableness in today’s environment.
6354	Security Specialist at DISNEYHelp tell our stories in the most innovative ways!
6355	See also the next section above on "Financial leverage" and the section of the Prospectus entitled "Repurchase of Shares."
6356	Seed companies can fall under several business categories and so, according to Margerison, don’t have many problems acquiring banking services.
6357	Seeds from persimmons can cause problems in a dog's small intestine.
6358	See if that helps–it’s possible that my stove is just not pumping out the BTU’s it used to when it was new.
6359	See images captured during The Investigative Unit's visit to Kauai.
6360	Seeing a ragged, half-formed piece sparking with a fully realized characterization, or a questing, ambitious noble ten-to-one failure is part of the thrill that still provokes.
6361	"See, it wasn't a brand new idea" continued Ior, "The fadian is about to retire and she said they'd brought it up in the past, the idea of increasing battery range.
6362	Seems they’d be able to track that down rather easily … such a dramatic photo.”
6363	See the before and after!
6364	See the entire collection from the DKNY Fall 2003 Ready-To-Wear runway show.
6365	See the Oracle documentation for supported clustering software and cluster configurations.
6366	See the underground caves, then have a break at the beach bar and take in the sea views.
6367	See this deal on Amazon.
6368	"See weâ€™ve both got these light blue eyes, very rare this color eye.
6369	See what new claims are being tested and how they fare in court, then dig into the background and track records of key players including judges, attorneys and expert witnesses.
6370	See what scientific research shows about our evolving emotional landscape, and why older people tend to be happier than the young.
6371	See what the future holds for technology, media and telecommunications.
6372	Seismic shifts in the leagues themselves are also accelerating change.
6373	Select Enabled or Disabled.
6374	Select the location, tap "Get Directions" and then tap "Ride."
6375	Selena — Eggs at room temperature are easier to mix, that’s all.
6376	Selena's exact Stuart Weitzman heels are now on sale for $134.
6377	Self-driving trucks: what's the future for America's 3.5 million truckers?
6378	Self-publishing involves an extensive list of tasks.
6379	Sencha Test provides an advanced inspect capability to locate components in an Ext JS app.
6380	Sending large files is easy, even to people who don't have a Dropbox account.
6381	Senior police official among those held over explosion during rally after new PM Abiy Ahmed freed thousands of political prisoners.
6382	Seniors aren't popping champagne corks at more than a half a trillion dollars in Medicare cuts.
6383	Seniors will be able to sign up for Florida Hospital Care Advantage by Oct. 15, when Medicare enrollment begins, said Mike Schultz, president and CEO of the Adventist Health System Florida Region, which includes Florida Hospital.
6384	Sen. Kamala Harris, D-Calif., was cut off by Republican senators as she questioned Attorney General Jeff Sessions during a hearing on Russian interference in last year’s U.S. election.
6385	Sent by the default notification center immediately after the application is made visible.
6386	Sent by the system when a complication is activated and the user has chosen "empty" instead of a provider, or when the watch face has chosen no provider, and this type, as the default.
6387	Sentence reduction will not apply to any drug offender who was convicted of importing, exporting, large-scale distribution, or manufacturing.
6388	Seoul edged slightly lower, dropping 0.1%.
6389	Separately, USDA will purchase surplus fruits, nuts, rice, beans, beef, pork and milk for distribution to food banks and other nutrition assistance programs.
6390	September 25, 2006 Congratulations on the success!
6391	September 9, 2009 at 1972 was an excellent year.
6392	Seriously, that’s only a few among beaches that span Los Angeles County’s coast.
6393	Serve as hot as possible with mayonnaise ( (Dijon extra strong or whole grain) and toasted bread.
6394	Serve cake topped with ice cream, whipped topping,or whipped cream.
6395	Serve immediately with tahini sauce.
6396	Serverless applications don't require you to provision, scale, and manage any servers.
6397	Serve the fish with the plantain, salsa and beignets.
6398	Serve with additional marinara sauce on the side.
6399	Service animals may travel on Disney’s Magical Express in the passenger cabin with their owners.
6400	Service dependencies is just a generalization of the addon mechanism to any application.
6401	Services will be held on Wednesday, August 1, 2018 at the First Baptist Church of Glendarden-Ministry Center, 3600 Brightseat Rd., Landover, MD.
6402	Serving financial institutions, processors, ISOs, and merchants, FSS Technologies Inc. (FSS) is a one-stop-shop for all software applications and supporting services required for a day-in-the-life of electronic payments.
6403	Seth Meyers took to his signature “A Closer Look” segment yesterday to express his disapproval over President ’s most recent activities, specifically his petty, ineffectual speeches following Hurricane Harvey and his decision to end DACA.
6404	Set in 2037 in The Protectorate of Sweden, this is the story of Anna Francis, who works for a foreign aid organization.
6405	Set in the present day in the rural community of Feathertown, Tennessee, tells the story of Dellarobia Turnbow, a petite, razor-sharp 29-year-old who nurtured worldly ambitions before becoming pregnant and marrying at seventeen.
6406	Set in Vermont in 1981 on a stormy winter night, Sibyl, a midwife, is faced with delivering the baby of a mother gone into labor.
6407	Set on the exotic island of Ceylon in the 1930s, is an entertaining and relaxing mystery spiced with humour and a colourful cast of characters.
6408	Set the hostid (which doesn't exist).
6409	Set them once as well if it's needed to change their value.
6410	Set the scale of the Scoreboard object to (0.3, 0.3, 0.3).
6411	Setty explained Google’s approach starts wi.
6412	Set up a style sheet defining your element and animation properties.
6413	Several art schools had to ban oil paints in general because of this, and many syllabi list an automatic +F to any students caught doing this.
6414	Several experts also told Politico that the data request would be a “
6415	Several have scored 10-figure-fortunes from messaging apps and e-commerce, while others built companies in the sharing economy and from drones.
6416	Shade cloths can be wrapped like skirts around grow lights or tubes, but this plastic material also easily melts.
6417	Shadow Rock LP range offers excellent performance in relatively small packages.
6418	SHAMPOO + Shower GEL with Antibacterial Complex Designed specifically for teens.
6419	Shareholder Derivative Litigation Besieging the Board eBook Now.
6420	Share your tips and tricks with the Food and Cooking Community.
6421	Sharpton gained notoriety for his reported roles in Harlem, N.Y.'s "Freddie's Fashion Mart" and Tawana Brawley incidents in 1995 and 1987 respectively.
6422	Shauna, enjoy this time, and I ditto the suggestion to make a cast of your belly.
6423	She agrees to the divorce that St. Arles wants even though it means she admits to infidelity, which couldn’t be further from the truth.
6424	She also spent a year as fill-in anchor/reporter at KRQE in Albuquerque and KBIM in Roswell, NM.
6425	She also visited the Manolo Blahnik store and signed the sole of a pair of blue satin shoes.
6426	She and her family were thrust into a police investigation by the very person they trusted.
6427	She and her husband had the wherewithal to pay someone to have a baby for them.
6428	She bought it three years ago for $7,000 but wants to replace it.
6429	She came in nervous, and I came in nervous as a filmmaker.
6430	She can send email, but messages to her come to my PC first so I can forward them.
6431	She contacted the photographer who confirmed she had signed away the rights to the photos and that they were now stock images that he sells.
6432	She continued: “The cost of your actions were incalculable and irreparable for her family and friends and there is no sentence which this court can pass which can replace the value of her.
6433	She currently practices at The Medical Sanctuary on the Gold Coast, as a registered medical doctor.
6434	She cursed not the man who was the father but herself.
6435	“She described it as a fragment,” Warthen says, “and said she didn’t want us to stage it.
6436	She did not provide an explanation as to why four industries – cement, steel-making, lime and nitrogen fertilizer – are considered “high competitive risk” businesses.
6437	"She didn't even know my son was gone.
6438	She does, and soon both the film and her life perk up.
6439	She doesn’t allow herself to get lost in this royalty mess.
6440	She doesn’t have a romantic, Hollywood-style addiction or predilection.
6441	She’d tried to be good.
6442	She even knew where to stand to get the best pictures.
6443	She even returns to the castle and fights for him.
6444	She first went into space on the Challenger space shuttle in 1983, and did another trip the following year.
6445	She found it last week and insisted on wearing it to her 1st grade performance.
6446	She got right on and hopped around the house with a huge smile.
6447	She had an alternative: the new in-laws were offering lodging.
6448	She had a nightmare that Havercroft placed a dog collar around her neck and pulled her down the pool in an effort to make her swim faster.
6449	She had a thriving career for many years before she lost her battle with addiction.
6450	She had been selected for the British team for the Junior World Championships in New Zealand in August and was tipped to qualify for the 2022 Winter Olympics in Beijing.
6451	She had been there and there she was again, describing her own road to that place which was so up my own road.
6452	She had every right to scream.
6453	She had facial surgery, but not for the reason you think.
6454	She has completed over 60 national and international projects, leading 25; 8 internationally financially supported; FP7/Horizon 2020 and EuroNanoMed Expert Evaluator.
6455	‘She has extended a lot of courtesies to me, and I feel somewhat indebted.’
6456	She has no concept that anything about her body should be hidden from anybody, which is fine on the one hand, but I need her to start learning how to keep things hidden when she’s in public so she doesn’t get laughed at.
6457	"She hasn't eaten breakfast yet, either" said Myra.
6458	She hasn't see the book in days, and her mother has finally lost all patience.
6459	She interned with Browne last summer, traveling with him and his brand to Paris for his enchanting Spring 2018 show.
6460	She is a and a director and appreciated the seminar so much, she asked if I would be her guest.
6461	She is also a freelance trainer and delivers courses for voluntary organisations, schools, parents and social workers, covering topics including assertiveness, confidence building and communication skills at work.
6462	She is an art school dropout, an amateur flower gardener, an old-time banjo player, an obsessive moviegoer, and a champion of old dogs.
6463	She is a student researcher at the Afro-Middle East Centre in Johannesburg, South Africa.
6464	She is hiring a Senior Technical Program Manager and Software Development Manager: http://glassdoor.
6465	She is on to something here, while she’s not.
6466	She is partnering with Claire Williams Martinez, a former cover designer at Vintage Books, in an as-yet-unnamed design studio.
6467	She just isn’t into jewelry.
6468	She’ll make herself known in good time.”
6469	She’ll talk about how to win over an ad-supported operation, and get them on board with pursuing consumer revenue.
6470	Shelved in adult sci-fi, but I think qualifies as young adult.
6471	She meets her neighbor burnadette that Is afraid of the outside world.
6472	She planned to stay at a shelter at Simpson College in Redding while she searches for another place to live.
6473	She publishes independently to get her message to teen readers.
6474	She pushed harder with each stride until she was leaping.
6475	She puts you right at ease and does an amazing to make my back and neck feel amazing.
6476	Sherry stepped off the courtesy cart near the hotel kiosk in the ground transportation level of the Pittsburgh International Airport.
6477	She's a dancer, avid concert-goer, foreign language nerd and book worm.
6478	She’s a full-time mom and this is her full-time job, so she’s in it and going to help both these kids express themselves, celebrating their differences and their passions.”
6479	She’s also learning to play basketball, soccer and now tennis.
6480	She's a polymath in the best sense.
6481	She's a rescue from Virginia.
6482	She’s a wonderfully knowledgeable speaker, a very sweet lady, and a talented writer.
6483	She says, “as a resident it feels amazing that we have something to call our own and I'm a part of it.”
6484	She's defensive and angry but mainly afraid--afraid to be herself, afraid she's not good enough, afraid she'll lose someone else.
6485	She searched his face and he met her gaze.
6486	She's horrified to discover that he can turn into a giant python, then back into a man--over and over again.
6487	She’s just the ninth vessel to accomplish two consecutive voyages, too.
6488	She's kind of cute.
6489	She smiled just a little, slipping a pen into the breast pocket of her scrubs.
6490	She smoothed her hair one last time before following Jamie in to the stone cottage.
6491	She's not sure quite what that means for herself or the world -- as the books progress, she learns more.
6492	She's out running with her beagle when she trips over a body in the park.
6493	"She spends all her time talking with administrators" said Bux.
6494	She’s so ketotic she’s peeing purple drink, yet her symptoms are only getting progressively worse.
6495	She’s unlike most characters you see on television and so entertaining.
6496	She talks her out of binging.
6497	She then set it up on the buffet, and carved slabs of glorious warmed ham off the bone.
6498	She thought Luke could identify a friend for Jackson.
6499	She told him that he could de-power himself with the cure sample and someone else will step in to take his place.
6500	She took part in a class-action lawsuit against the city of Tulsa, its police department, and the state of Oklahoma.
6501	She tried to keep us from watching too much tv, and she tried to keep us from walking into the house full of chlorine, and she tried to keep my youngest brother from sneaking junk food.
6502	She wants you to shoot her a text.
6503	She was a good subject and I don’t know why I didn’t, except that I rarely went back to photograph the same people again.
6504	She was a great chomper.
6505	She was an atheist, an active member of the Los Angeles Science Fiction Society, and a proponent of the 19th-century constructed auxiliary language Esperanto, meant to foster communication and understanding between people of all cultures.
6506	“She was bleeding badly from a face-lift,” he wrote of an encounter with Brzezinski he claims he had in Florida weeks before his inauguration.
6507	She was diagnosed with a rare appendix cancer.
6508	She was kooky and quirky, wry and cynical, dark and funny, bitter and generous, and drunk most of the time.
6509	She was making a technical point about bindings, which I was failing to grasp, so to illustrate what she meant she picked up a book and — with a little effort — tore it in half.
6510	She was nervous about all the songs I was suggesting she have prepared because they were all in the originals keys and basically all 11 o’clock numbers.
6511	She was that person who does the thankless jobs to keep a place like Emanuel running—even as she studied at night to earn her seminary degree.
6512	She will take no nonsense from anyone.
6513	She would lay there a good two minutes.
6514	She wound up driving throught he Dakotas, and decided she wanted to see Wounded Knee, the massacre site.
6515	She wrote home about her experiences.
6516	Shhh… Andrew keeps giving away all the secrets!
6517	Shit, I know I’m only half-employed and so have lots of time on my hands, but dear god.
6518	Shoes, 13, Women, page 2 at 6pm.com on orders $50 or more!
6519	Shoes go in shoes bags to protect the rest of my clothes.
6520	Shoes tend to pile up and cover your dorm room floor, so save yourself the hassle and put them away.
6521	Shopping malls in my neighborhood recently introduced SoftBank robots in hopes of making the shopping experience more joyful: the bots dance, play games, speak a number of languages, and collect survey data about patrons’ shopping experiences.
6522	Shop sandals, wedges and clogs in a wide variety of sizes and join the Crocs Club for exclusive specials and member-only deals.
6523	Shorter trips are cheaper and don’t require people to take an extensive amount of time off.
6524	Short yet impressive, Porter's novel(la) is the story of a father (and Ted Hughes scholar) left a single parent following the unexpected death of his wife.
6525	Should I Apply to College Early?
6526	Should she vow to seek the good of the world, to protect and serve mortals?
6527	Should you find that My Pillow doesn’t agree with your sleeping style, Xtreme Comfort’s shredded memory foam bamboo pillow finished in a strong second place.
6528	Show how you controlled impedances on board with diff. transmission lines.
6529	Shred Hate is a bullying prevention program that is stopping bullying and encouraging kids to choose kindness.
6530	Sibley Guide to Trees - Signed Edition!
6531	Side Note: These recipes can all be made into pitchers by doubling or tripling (or even quadrupling!) each recipe.
6532	Sidnei Da Silva, "Even Faster Websites with YUI" Writes Sidnei: "Ever since I got my copy of Steve Souders’ Even Faster Web Sites I’ve became obsessed with speed.
6533	Siegel is excited about this space because its large size opens up a lot of possibilities.
6534	Sights like this one would age you faster than years ought to run.
6535	Signature of previous owner inside front cover; pencil markings inside front cover.
6536	Sign on property.
6537	Sign up for deal alerts and get updates whenever a new Henry Charles promo code is released.
6538	Sign up for Fannie May Celebration Rewards and start earning points for every dollar spent.
6539	Silas Deane, Connecticut delegate to the Continental Congress, leaves for France on a secret mission on this day in 1776.
6540	Silk 18 is the product that saved my hair life!
6541	Similarly, retailer partners are marketing to the audiences of the product brands they sell.
6542	Similarly, we may find that a particular item has had a surge in purchases due to a sale or ad campaign, meaning we might want to suggest it to users more frequently to further drive up sales.
6543	Similar to how the Launch theme from press75 does it.
6544	Similar to storytelling, how-to content tends to resonate on most platforms, but it makes sense that it would resonate with Pinterest's audience in particular, as the platform is less abut entertainment and more about discovery.
6545	Simmer for 3-5 minutes and drain.
6546	Simple tips to fight germs and treat symptoms.
6547	Simple to make with a few scraps of felt and some embroidery floss.
6548	Simple to the point directions on how to clean up my life – or at least my email box.
6549	Simulating the airflow through jet engines.
6550	Sinatra noted Crosby was clearly a difficult act for anyone to follow, but Mahalia Jackson pulled off the trick quite exquisitely by performing “The House I Live In.”
6551	Since actors can be running locally or on a remote server, a common message exchange format is needed.
6552	Since Barria’s early days as a coastal trading nation, various groups of tradespeople identified themselves with tattoos.
6553	Since de Wette and Wellhausen in the nineteenth century, Old Testament scholarship has thus far largely relied on the consensus that the book of Deuteronomy is the product of late monarchic Judah (7th century BC).
6554	Since I haven't read any of her books I thought it would be a good start to watch the show and groom there.
6555	Since inflation is also expected to remain moderate over the coming months, consumers will experience a real boost to their wallets.
6556	Since I normally write Shakespearian sonnets, I thought I'd offer up the Italian form this week.
6557	Since it has a lightweight formula that does not weigh down your hair, Keo Karpin leaves your hair without a non-greasy feel.
6558	Since I've been stuck in the house I've been looking forward to my first picnic of summer and thinking back over the most memorable ones.
6559	Since Micron Technology is the co-developer of 3D Xpoint, it's likely that we'll also see Micron/Crucial branded drives based on this tech.
6560	Since sunlight on the exposed skin stimulates the bodies production of Vit D, it needs to be reabsorbed by the body before you wash it off.
6561	Since the beginning, we have been working hard to give you the best IT automation platform that helps you be more productive every day.
6562	Since the Domain Name Server (DNS) is often the last gap in security when it comes to VPNs, this is an excellent feature.
6563	Since then, he has predominantly worked in theatre, but he has also had several TV roles.
6564	Since then, she has been searching to find a way for others to have a voice when they’re in need of help and has been a driving force in the development of this new technology.
6565	Since then, we've tinkered tirelessly on Ahead, working to create a design that is as beautiful as it is easy to use.
6566	Since the odds are clearly not in its favor, you'd think that Shell's would have abandoned its plans to drill in the Arctic by now.
6567	Since the publication of her first collection, "Reasons to Live," in 1985, only three more slim volumes have appeared - a total of some 15,000 sentences, and nearly every one of them has a crisp, distinctive bite.
6568	Since they are priced as one, they are taxed as one — at the rate of the item that draws the highest tax.
6569	Since today’s economics is essentially narrative obfuscated by notation, and hence a branch of the humanities, why not?
6570	Since we all have a wide range of monitors, I'm sure a wide range of comparisons have the possibility of helping all of us.
6571	Since we're from New England, where states are as big as towns in most other parts of the country, we figured it couldn't be too hard to swing by Panama City once we picked up the Crown Vic, and crash on their hotel room floor for a couple nights.
6572	Since we vote for the people that vote to spend money on this spying of us, let’s just save some time and money and cut out the middlemen.
6573	Since we will need a click handler to track TR clicks on the Master DataTable, we will define a new attribute and setup a TR click handler that assigns this attribute on a click.
6574	Since xray exams usually only expose a small part of the body the risk should be reduced accordingly.
6575	Single file they would enter her room.
6576	Single Message Delivery - this setting should only be selected if UOW consumers are receiving messages on this distributed queue member.
6577	“Sir, you do not deserve to walk outside of prison ever again.”
6578	Sit back and enjoy as you boost your Disney knowledge with all kinds of film trivia.
6579	Situated on the estuary of Yangtze River, it serves as the most influential economic, financial, international trade, and cultural center in East China.
6580	Skill vs luck: who really deserves the rewards from success?
6581	Skipping through time and space, The Devil’s Dreamcatcher is a wonderfully rich portrayal of the traditional battleground of good and evil.
6582	Skygofree is a prime example.
6583	•Sleep: Auto-detect your sleep without activating the Sleep tile.
6584	SLIDESHOW: See 15 things you may not know about bats.
6585	Slightly dislike how light some of the elements are, but my monitor is slightly brighter than most (all the boxes and stuff look white).
6586	— slogans that they would shout as they marched.
6587	Small-circulation publications are often overlooked, but they offer big perks to writers who are willing to reach out.
6588	Smaller academic publishers face unique challenges in growing their sales.
6589	Small Events for Small People: FOOD!
6590	’s manner of reading American superhero comics, I return to my series of reasons for Robin.
6591	Smart phones are rarely used only for making phone calls any longer.
6592	Smith had battled with her weight for years but had slimmed down recently.
6593	Smoked turkey and creamy French brie with mixed greens, tomato and chipotle apricot jam on a grill.
6594	S. national security concerns are not a risk to closing, as Broadcom never plans to acquire Qualcomm before it completes redomiciliation.”
6595	Sneezing at the wrong moment can be downright dangerous — they've even been blamed for car accidents.
6596	’s new song, “No Brainer,” is like “” in an alternate colorway; it recycles a used pop-rap model and calls it new.
6597	Snippets of the bass recitative "For behold, darkness shall cover the earth" from Handel's Messiah provide the foundation for a fresh take on Chilean folk hero Violeta Parra's bittersweet masterpiece "Gracias a la Vida."
6598	Snow flies into the carriage sometimes.
6599	So, 5,600 seconds is equal to about 1 hour, 33 minutes.
6600	So a big thank you to Ruth McGrath.
6601	So after seeing all conditions choose the genuine party for dealing.
6602	Soak a cotton ball or pad in a small amount of polish remover.
6603	“So a lot of super delegates are party officials, they're governors, mayor of DC, senators, members of Congress.
6604	So any ideas why maple syrup is extortionate in the UK?
6605	So based on everyone’s feedback, this guy gets a blog post and an opportunity to explain himself.
6606	Social Engineering is the key to carrying out client side attacks, and all you need is a little creativity!
6607	Social media platforms like Facebook and Twitter offer a lot of ways to advertise and make your brand and company known beyond the scope of your followers.
6608	Social Policy In Indiana A federal judge strikes down an INDIANA law that required women to undergo an ultrasound at least 18 hours prior to an abortion.
6609	Social structured data and rich snippets are powerful tools for attracting extra attention and clicks when your content is shared or appears in search results.
6610	Society can’t function well without a minimal sense of national solidarity and cohesion, and that sense of shared purpose also rests on a fair tax system.
6611	So, congrats to you both!
6612	So, do the new Pixel phones really boast the best cameras right now?
6613	So even though we held and moved each mister similarly, the butcher paper for some models looked like abstract oil paintings; the squiggles, blotches, and irregular patterns were fun to look at, but they didn’t represent the even coverage we were after.
6614	So far, nothing super-scary, although the man in the room probably qualifies!
6615	So far, the company has facilitated more than 5.7 million speed dates.
6616	So far, we are able to, and we just spend on our family less at holiday time.
6617	So far year 34 is looking good, too.
6618	So for now, you’ll only see buyable Pins if you’re in the US.
6619	Software Notebook: IBM has own plans for Microsoft Office: "IBM says it has developed a way to incorporate elements of its Lotus Sametime 7.5 instant-messaging and conferencing software into Microsoft Office programs.
6620	So get on with it.
6621	So glad to hear that AGOS was a great sequel book.
6622	So he brought both Alex Delton and Skylar Thompson to Big 12 media days on Tuesday.
6623	So here, we're gonna just open this up.
6624	So he’s big on doing that will help improve performance and strengthen the muscles needed to dominate in these pursuits.
6625	So how do you attract that clientele?
6626	So I began with an old orange tree, like the one in my L.A. backyard.
6627	So, I dashed home and snatched up just about every single great title from my childhood.
6628	So I did what I always did to cope: I wrote a prescription for fentanyl using one of my old prescription pads.
6629	So I'd like to applaud us for not being hung up.
6630	So if you have an algorithm that’s making those choices for you, when people complain, you can point to that algorithm and you can say it’s not me – it’s the algorithm.
6631	So, if you have code written for an enterprise API, a first step is updating the authentication details by teaching it OAuth.
6632	So if you haven't been in the last five year, go!
6633	So, if you need some inspiration what to do with that extra Christmas money …
6634	So, if you're about to set the date for an important meeting, it's best to shoot for Wednesday.
6635	So, if you understand how to build, maintain, troubleshoot, and resolve problems with computers in the computer science manchester new computer capabilities.
6636	So I generate a checksum and store it on my application, so every time I unserialize the XML, I generate a new checksum and compare it with the first one?
6637	So I guess the question is, are you now confident enough to pay for said advice and buy a report?
6638	So I have a makeshift “dual band” setup that works great.
6639	So I impulsively bought a Richard Diebenkorn-like painting by her that is already up in my apartment and which gives me greater pleasure every time I look at it.
6640	So, I'll just do G-S-A-P.
6641	So I looked in the map, and saw a few cathedrals in it.
6642	So I’m excited to see how this data changes (hopefully for the better in both traffic number and engagement) as a result.
6643	So I'm in the dressing room, and I hear Jenn outside, talking to the Lulu-lady.
6644	So I'm rewatching Spaceballs and notice in the scroll text it starts with chapter 11 which I'm sure has something to do with bankruptcy and how George Lucas started in the middle of the series.
6645	So, in 1985, I included Fayette County on my family history research tour.
6646	So instead, I’m going to focus on some of the amazing things women did that made 2017 a truly tremendous year to be female!
6647	So is education and training reform that empowers a flexible and tech-savvy workforce.
6648	So it appears things are growing complex because they move away from that wall.
6649	So I think faith and guidance can help fortify a young woman's sense of self, a young man's sense of responsibility, and a sense of reverence that all young people should have for the act of sexual intimacy.
6650	So I think that's a really interesting area.
6651	So I used almost half a container on this particular batch.
6652	So just to make sure, kali detected the WiFi dongle at first but not any more?
6653	So, let me copy this.
6654	So let’s clear up any misconceptions.
6655	So, listen: I know that, as a millennial, we are drawn to aesthetically pleasing homes and decor, but please remember that you can change the way the house looks.
6656	Solomon Valley Books: Established in 2002 we specialize in rare, antiquarian, collectible and OOP books.
6657	Solo travel isn't necessarily about being alone.
6658	Solving one of the great mysteries of type 2 diabetes, a team of Yale researchers found that triglycerides, a type of fat in the blood and liver, are produced in the liver independent of insulin action in the liver.
6659	Somaly Mam at the Somaly Mam Foundation Gala "Life Is Love" in New York City, Oct. 23, 2013.
6660	Somebody who writes C++ could but might be curious about what non-volatile memory might mean for them.
6661	"Some books that can help you awaken and begin to change are ones by Steve Chandler, who, I am reading lately.
6662	Some companies have preemptively turned to alternatives.
6663	Some confusion is understandable.
6664	Some don’t seem to know that when one bakes items with fruit and sugar, they often are the best when they end up showing a little color.
6665	Some employees are hesitant, but Dan encourages everyone in the group to come along- even retired executive Nick Kars (Robert Loggia), a good friend of the client.
6666	Some formulas leave our skin feeling greasy by noon, or simply don’t offer enough coverage.
6667	Some great combos.
6668	Some have incredible tales attached.
6669	Some have large networks with plenty of resources and the ability to handle thousands of calls per customer, while others have smaller networks with limited capacity, which can also limit the quality of your SIP calls.
6670	Somehow the word "maverick" entered politics.
6671	Some how this showed up on my FB feed even though it was originally posted a few years ago.
6672	Somehow we think that only an elite few can be storytellers, and it’s a skill that we don’t have.
6673	Some like to leave the prior week vacant on their schedule, hoping to work on their game or, in a few instances, squeeze in a practice round before the galleries show up on Monday.
6674	Some mosquitoes that feed on human blood have adapted well to urban environments and are able to breed and reproduce in small drops of water, according to Blackwell.
6675	Some motherboards bring these same voltage levels to a more convenient location on the motherboard for testing.
6676	Some networks are full service and take commissions, and others are created using licensed technology to manage tracking and payment for which the technology vendor is simply paid a fee.
6677	Some Neuro-Linguistic Program techniques use hypnosis and self-hypnosis to help make the change or do the “programming” for the desired behaviour / response.
6678	Some of the brush on which she had been resting stuck, as if her face had been dipped in glue that had since begun to dry.
6679	Some of them appeared in court personally to demand compensation.
6680	Some of them have never been tried at all.
6681	Some of the most beautiful chapters in our lives won’t have a title until much later."
6682	Some of these lovely houses are actually residential.
6683	Some of these strange-sounding tips made sense back then.
6684	Some of the theories that circulated, however, tapped into truths.
6685	Some of those (including posted one) look like obvious fakes.
6686	Some of us cannot eat poems when we are hungry.
6687	Some of which was due to visual problems like Iori’s embarrassment.
6688	Someone who is both clear-eyed and resolute.
6689	Some people—a very few people, the ones who are confident but not irrational—are capable of answering these questions entirely by themselves.
6690	Some politicians have framed the conflict as a religious one, accusing President Muhammadu Buhari, a Fulani Muslim, of looking the other way as his kinsmen go on the rampage.
6691	Some quests scale by level, but others do not, based on the type of quest.
6692	Some routers have a designated WAN (Wide Area Network) port for connecting to the gateway, while others have auto-sensing ports that automatically configure themselves as WAN or LAN (Local Area Network, i.e., your home network).
6693	Some say the answer lies with contraception and family planning, though such methods have led to among those who are morally opposed to birth control.
6694	Some sites benefit too.
6695	Some that that vendor was VR Systems.
6696	Something else I wanted to point out about Hulu: On just a tiny amount of content right now but steadily growing, they also have an option for closed captioning, something otherwise sorely missing from the world of online video.
6697	Something I just did not know.
6698	Something not typical of Angus.
6699	Something similar to the HEIF container format might work.
6700	“Something that might take many months, now takes days, and that’s thanks to the GPUs,” Mohajer said.
6701	Something to keep me out of the bars at night.
6702	Sometimes a girl is thirteen or fourteen or fifteen and she starts to look like a woman, and she starts to say things she hears other women say, and some adults assume she is a woman.
6703	Sometimes an hour’s soak leaves them hard, and others a few minutes will make them fall apart like jelly.
6704	Sometimes a woman who is pregnant may still experience some bleeding or spotting around the time of the expected period.
6705	Sometimes, but not always, these abnormal cells create a mass of tissue known as a tumor.
6706	Sometimes Everything!
6707	Sometimes, if the initial mating session isn't fruitful, adult palolos will release another set of "tails" in November.
6708	Sometimes, it's easy to lose sight of that goal.
6709	Sometimes it’s easy to think of creative reasons not to get started with a stack.
6710	“Sometimes it’s frustrating because you’re stuck 24/7, but sometimes you have to suffer to gain something.”
6711	Sometimes it still doesn't quite feel real.
6712	Sometimes, it would be nice to just read my kids a story or two and then tuck them in and walk away, instead of lying with them as they fall asleep over the next 45 minutes.
6713	Sometimes people who seem good end up being not as good as you might have hoped, you know?
6714	Sometimes the pinking takes two hours, sometimes three.
6715	Sometimes they will say the complete opposite of what they really mean.
6716	Sometimes when you start spreading with just one big glob, you may run out of it by the time you reach the other parts of your face.
6717	Sometimes You Have to Sit Down to Stand Tall Hello, my name is Bryce Clyde Jenkins and I play Kenny in The.
6718	Sometimes you really need a tiny burger.
6719	Some wear to wrappers, internally ver nice, Good+ Condition overall.
6720	Some were bought off, others couldn't handle the pressure, and yet others couldn't see the people around them destroyed.
6721	Some were consuming duck bits on plates accompanied by generous sprigs of Asian basil ().
6722	Somewhat more alarming, as I try to rotate along just one axis, the Inspector windows show that my rotation around the Z axis is also affecting the rotation around the X and Y axes.
6723	Somewhere Keepers shout at me, all high and frighten, till I shut the door upon her voice.
6724	Some writers do that with a lot of description, usually boring as hell.
6725	Some years I've had a regular monthly visit, but the class that normally visits wasn't able to work it into their schedule and in the fall their teacher said they weren't quite ready for a public field trip.
6726	So much effort goes into simply keeping an IT infrastructure up and running.
6727	So much for running.
6728	So now one of the hottest sellers at Pep Boys is the gas caplock.
6729	So now Ralph, Jack and this other kid, Simon, who’s pretty much a space case, are the leaders on the island, for all intents and purposes.
6730	So, now that a true small business owner who just like MOST small business owners, do what I do because I love the business I am in, will lose.
6731	Soon Billington and his friend David Hahn, a fundamentalist preacher, started a petition drive.
6732	So, one should take a more informed approach to understand if any further upside is left.
6733	Soon, other clients started calling to report agents poking around their farms, too, and Eury received a target letter, indicating that a grand jury had been convened.
6734	So on our forthcoming twenty year anniversary since incorporation, I’d like to stop for a moment and thank our clients.
6735	Soon-to-be-eighth-grader Max and his older twin siblings Emma and Kyle are resigned to spending the summer with their grandfather at his ranch while their mother is away on a dinosaur dig in China.
6736	So out I come and I go back into, so out I come and this execution context gets removed, erased, deleted.
6737	Sophia and Jackson are staying on top for another year.
6738	Sophie Turner Hints at a Truly Epic Next Season of 'Game of Thrones'
6739	So really it’s out of our hands and they’re working through it which is a positive.”
6740	Sorry about the panic – the server error happened coincidentally in the background as I was using the plug-in – panic over and sorry to bother you!
6741	Sorry for replying to your old post.
6742	Sort of like a freestanding hotel room.
6743	So sad that the series ended.
6744	So saying that we see certain abortions as discriminatory and we want to prohibit those.
6745	So service providers will have to ensure that they are meeting GDPR standards, as they are processors of their clients’ data.
6746	So show them your love, and prove to all the churches that our boasting about you is justified.
6747	So that's how you would achieve that.
6748	So the abstractions save us time working, but they don’t save us time learning.
6749	So, the anthology is edited by Kate and Dan, published by Down & Out books, and all proceeds go to British supermarket chain M&S.
6750	So - the FBI is letting a defense attorney track down one of their most wanted assassins and muddle in an international terrorist investigation?
6751	So then I searched thin crisp almond cookies to see if I could find a recipe or something and found your post and even better WITH A PICTURE, they look almost identical to the ones you posted a picture of.
6752	So there's the trade off.
6753	So, the Snapchat Redesign Is Not Going Over Super Well?
6754	So, they were exploring the idea of offering that service to agents on the Voices site.
6755	So this past Saturday, I went over to the Mission to visit this popular bakery.
6756	So thought I'd mention it.
6757	So to answer your question - the answer is yes.
6758	So, to push and ‘stress test’ the technology, we decided to try it with mocap data — usually the largest and most unstructured animation data you could use.
6759	So true, and so upsetting.
6760	So true, everything everybody here says.
6761	“SoundBox will enable them to change that perception for the first time by giving them an opportunity to redefine the way they approach family bundles.”
6762	Sounds like a fun time.
6763	Sounds like an exciting read!
6764	Sounds like you don’t have a clue what a white hat is.
6765	Sources say the president's former attorney claims then-candidate Donald Trump knew about the infamous Trump Tower meeting with Russians in 2016.
6766	South Korean officials are going to great lengths to ensure every spectator and athlete remains safe throughout the two-week event.
6767	South of Wilshire the houses grew smaller still until there were multi-family apartment complexes surrounding concrete courtyards.
6768	So we got all sizes of radishes.
6769	So we have to be flexible.
6770	So we’ll be, you know, growing our presence on Twitter.
6771	So we'll go this.
6772	So we meet again.
6773	So we modified the button text to try to make it more clear that ‘X’ means mount the component and ‘Check’ means to skip (don’t mount) the component.
6774	So we would stand 30 yards away from them, two lines.
6775	So, what changed your mind about marriage?"
6776	So, what if we told you that this entire island is up for sale and it's cheaper than some London flats.
6777	So what I thought we would do today is look at some examples, some pretty pictures, if you will, from GarageBand iOS.
6778	So what makes some books so damn hard to put down?
6779	So what’s a mom to do when her ten-year-old daughter comes home, raging that “it’s not so bad that Logan filmed that dead body,” and “people just want to see him fall”?
6780	So when it comes to dividends in a Roth IRA, the tax rate is generally 0%.
6781	So when someone stops us and goes to shake his hand and thank him for his service, we’ve worked it out so I step in and shake their hand instead and say “it’s an honor to serve” or something else super cheesy.
6782	So when they talk, they’re trying to converse with me, they’re trying to show their feelings.
6783	So, while he was over here recently to promote his eighth Mitch Rapp thriller, I sat down with the 41-year-old Flynn to talk about his life, his work, and the complicated ways of his protagonist.
6784	So while it will increasingly impact all of us, every day, it's hard for us to get worked up about it.
6785	So while ‘Quarter Past Midnight’ is definitively Bastille, it’s also fresh and new.
6786	So why are Hindu nationalists, usually so quick to take offense even when none was intended, burning incense for Trump — rather than effigies of him?
6787	So why do we Democrats seem almost certain to nominate our weakest top-tier candidate?
6788	So will my sony dcr-trv33 be good for uploading video?
6789	So with a sigh of relief we ran to the station, got a ticket, caught our breath during our ride, and was spit out onto Berkeley square right on time.
6790	So yes even though the cold can be brutal I do like it much better than when you get sunburn or dehydrated cause it is brutally hot.
6791	So you can enjoy building gorgeous pages with drag & drop simplicity.
6792	“So you come up with your own shader trees with your shader setups and try to match what human skin is doing, which is the science in its own right.
6793	So you don't have to use just one surface type in your app.
6794	So you're much more vulnerable to fake reviews etc.
6795	Space ships, technology (may I have a pulsebook instead of a Kindle?
6796	Spain had the most demand for travel content in 2017, with an average CTR of 0.15 percent.
6797	Speakers include Autodesk, Condeco, Iconics, Service Works Group and Spacelab.
6798	Speaking before Friday's practice, Rivera said the team may wait until Saturday before making a decision on McCaffrey's availability.
6799	Speaking of raised expectations, perhaps the Graph’s most glaring lapses are those two questions cited by Google itself when it bought Metaweb in the summer of 2010.
6800	Special courses help you relax with sound therapy, promote sleep, find calm through controlling your breath, set intentions, or even improve posture and everyday movement.
6801	Specifically, a person could be identified between websites without cookies but by correlating their screen size with the attributes.
6802	Specifically, this study noted that there is an association between subclinical hypothyroidism and atherosclerosis, but they looked a little bit further and specifically looked at the role of oxidation.
6803	Spectacular city views filled with beauty and elegant amenities: This executive home is located in an Orange County Lifestyle Community of the Portola Hills.
6804	Speed signature processes and create all-digital service workflows with the Adobe Sign for ServiceNow integration.
6805	Spencer C, Petrovic I, Fatimi S. Current thyroglobulin autoantibody (TgAb) assays often fail to detect interfering TgAb that can result in the reporting of falsely low/undetectable serum Tg IMA values for patients with differentiated thyroid cancer.
6806	Spending on native advertising is expected to grow by 34% in 2015, according to eMarketer, but the industry is still divided on how to measure success.
6807	Spend less time cheering on our favorite sports team.
6808	Spend time analyzing ingredient lists on all packaged foods, and opt for those free of high-fructose corn syrup, maltodextrin, fruit juice concentrate, dextrose and, yes, even honey.
6809	Spielberg closed it on him.
6810	Spiritualism also gave women opportunities which orthodox religion could not provide in those times, as women were not permitted to be ordained as priests.
6811	Spoon polenta onto rectangle plate or board.
6812	Sporting KC instead has relied on more significant scoring production from wings Daniel Salloi and Johnny Russell, two breakout players in the league.
6813	Spot the Cow is a hybrid--partly an original, partly borrowed.
6814	Spousal IRA: limits on what bank accounts contributions can come from?
6815	Spread the fudge into the pan, tap on the counter to even out.
6816	’s prime minister was a schoolteacher in northern China.
6817	Sprinkle on the paprika.
6818	Sprinkle with the lemon zest and set aside.
6819	Square Inc. reported better-than-expected financial results on Wednesday, but shares were nearly flat in after-hours trading after the company’s third-quarter earnings forecast missed expectations.
6820	S. Sen. Cory Booker speaks at South by Southwest at the Austin Convention Center on Friday March 10, 2017.
6821	's steps above and had the same failure to broadcast until I realized the Channel name (case insensitive) as shown in the Azure media services Channels list under "Name" must be added to the Play Path/Stream Key text box below the URL in OBS.
6822	Stable geniuses do not have to learn, do not have to listen, do not have to think, because they already know everything!
6823	Stack the three folded bills together, and twist a pipe cleaner around the center to secure them.
6824	Stamped on front page.
6825	“Staphylococcus aureus and Staphylococcus epidermidis are abundant members of the skin’s resident microbiome, but they can become opportunistic pathogens.
6826	Starbucks CEO Howard Schultz announced today that he will step down from the company later this month.
6827	Starbucks will also leverage Hema’s highly effective consumer insights and unique fulfillment expertise to further penetrate and better serve the needs of individuals and families in communities across China.
6828	Star offers more than 500 pokies from top-rated world developers like Microgaming, Net Entertainment, iSoftBet, Yggdrasil, Betsoft, Play’n’Go and others.
6829	Start at the Embarcadero Belem dock to experience the waterways.
6830	Starting around Memorial Day, there is an annual hike of sales—approximately 40 percent of all hotdogs are sold during Memorial Day and Labor Day, says Riezman.
6831	Starting the week of June 4, Bold Beauty For The Transgender Community classes will be available throughout the country at select stores.
6832	Starting to make sense why testing for these scenarios during development make for a smoother ride, right?
6833	Start spreading the word!
6834	Startup Strategies: How Lew Cirne Made New Relic a SaaS Success – Gigaom Get our newsletter »
6835	State clearly "I want to know you."
6836	Stefano: I think it's all the script.
6837	“Stephen Platt’s history of the Taiping rebellion in mid-19th century China sheds an authoritative and comprehensive window on a major event in world history that up until now has too often been consigned to a footnote in the West.
6838	Stepping through the imposing, austere black-roofed outer building into the fantastically-colourful courtyard is spellbinding today, but for impoverished locals 600 years ago, it was beyond belief.
6839	Step Two: Figure out if your website is doing all that it can for you.
6840	Steve Ellis, CEO for influencer marketing firm WhoSay, said his company addressed the above issues, which many smaller influencer agencies face, early on.
6841	Stevenson LW "Crisis awaiting heart transplantation: Sinking the lifeboat" 2015; DOI: 10.1001/jamainternmed.2015.2203.
6842	Stewart said he owns the lot.
6843	Steyer told me, “We know if they turn out in November 2018, the way they did last year in Virginia and Alabama”—where Democrats in legislative and Senate races—“we’re going to see a very different electorate.”
6844	’s third season may be bringing in one of his greatest foes.
6845	Still, HP has spent years being a member of ecosystems—in particular, Microsoft's—rather than building its own.
6846	Still, I enjoyed finding the right words—as well as the surprise of what popped up.
6847	Still, I’ll never walk past a younger woman with telltale chemo curl growing in without telling her I understand, I’ve been there, I wish her the same great good fortune I’ve had.
6848	Still in Belgium, Pirelli also supported the Lamborghini Super Trofeo at Spa as well as the GT Sports Club.
6849	Still… Many people in Michigan, Wisconsin, or wherever like to go up north for the weekend.
6850	Still mobile after all these years, the Nonino family of Friuli produces some of Italy's highest quality grappas.
6851	Still not convinced on the prevalence of this issue?
6852	Still pocketed something on the order of $100 million or something along those lines.
6853	Still remember 8 years ago, when I first heard the initial pitch, w no ppt and a very “ambitious” idea, on a cold winter night, in Beijing in Jan 2010.
6854	Still, some devices (like the Galaxy S2) now run ICS, so we have included it in our test results.
6855	Still, the pressure is on to date as much as possible, find a soul mate and get married.
6856	Still unsure how you'll be able to engage in investment-related cocktail conversation?
6857	Stir in the oil and the lime juice.
6858	“Stop and frisk” isn’t just a reality in New York City.
6859	Stop being so serious all the time.
6860	Stop working so hard and work smart.
6861	“Stop you dere” is such an awkward-sounding sentence coming from her that it can’t possibly be an accident.
6862	Stora Enso Launches Wood-based Biocomposites to Reduce Plastics Consumption Stora Enso has launched its wood-based biocomposites, DuraSense™.
6863	Storage systems that offer the flexibility to present consistent data access despite these infrastructure changes simply offer the potential to better tailor the product to the workload and therefore offer more value.
6864	Store sales grew 14.3 percent in the following quarter alone.
6865	Store them somewhere dry and well aerated, out of the sun.
6866	Straight talk recently called a family member saying your service will be terminated if you continue to listen to YouTube videos and put them on FB that you are using your Internet way to much.
6867	“Strain of calf muscles when climbing a dune.”
6868	“Strange spirit,” said the Nightingale.
6869	Stretch out your arms as if you were flying.
6870	Strict compliance with antitrust and competition laws globally is required.
6871	Striking union workers from local 54 cheer after U.S. Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton stopped to greet them outside the Trump Taj Mahal in Atlantic City, New Jersey July 6, 2016.
6872	Stuck inside with a high-energy kid?
6873	Students of the 21st century do not need any more performance based influences in their life.
6874	Students whose study strategies aligned with their VARK scores performed no better in either the lecture or lab component of the course.
6875	Studying in Spain, Paris, and Italy, Rivera became attracted to the ancient Italian art of fresco, went to study it, and brought it back to his native Mexico.
6876	Stuffed with pork bits gathered from the animals elbows, eyebrows (or whatever can be pulverized from miscellaneous piggy scraps) glass noodles and a half of (an overcooked) hard boiled egg.
6877	Stylman emailed friends, who emailed friends, and the project started to grow.
6878	Submit stores with show-stopping aesthetics, seamless integrations, and flawless functionality that was previously thought impossible on a Shopify store.
6879	Submitting a Submission during the Entry Period constitutes acknowledgement of and consent to these Official Rules.
6880	SUBSCRIBE for more TV Trailers HERE: https://goo.
6881	Subscribers are the people who enrolled/agreed to receive information from you by voluntarily sharing their email address.
6882	Such an act would be a show of support for Russian speaking residents of Eastern Ukraine and an act of humanitarianism for the world to see.
6883	Such a quest must find a way to include the Gospel of John, despite its many riddles.
6884	Such charges are coming from Trump supporters willing to undermine or even destroy our most important and heretofore trusted institutions to defend a president they see as a madman.
6885	Such suggestion may be transmitted either during the hypnotic session or before it," by such persons as police officers or doctors.
6886	Such video cannot be a reliable source to track the cost of a project (I'm payed by hour), since some work is done with just a pencil and a paper (which is actually true, since I do lots of draft work without using the PC).
6887	Suitably named, the falls cooled us with the mist that showered our trail.
6888	Summer break is one long college party: crowded, expensive, and hot.
6889	Sunday even though it may not transfer until Monday Both Saturday and Sunday have been vacant and no message from payability.
6890	Sun has moved on and is now attempting to spread the message of another Korean cultural moment, K-beauty.
6891	Sunscreen may also lull people into a false sense of security.
6892	Sun’s rays helpful inside aquiring a clear economical position that you’ll feel during the handful of primary several years of beginning your business.
6893	Sun stated, “We believe that joining the TRON network will further enhance BitTorrent and accelerate our mission of creating an Internet of options, not rules.”
6894	Supplier will comply with all applicable laws on abuse of employees.
6895	Support for campaigns of all sizes.
6896	Support for Vista Extenders on both x86 and x64 platforms.
6897	Supreme Commander: Forged Alliance -- this game is basically my version of solitaire.
6898	Sure it may be more convenient, but it’s not a prerequisite is it?
6899	Sure, we all get that WordPress is great blogging software, and makes a great website for Joe’s Corner Coffee Shop or Mike’s Hometown Consulting Services.
6900	Sure, we get some extraneous alerts, but everyone does right?
6901	Surface Pro with LTE Advanced:Up to 12.5 hours for video playback.
6902	Susan Elizabeth Phillips, whose books have romantic themes, called "Flowers From the Storm" by Laura Kinsale "one of the best historical romances ever."
6903	Swedish lock maker Assa Abloy sees a further increase in steel prices in the second part of the year in the U.S., partly due to new import tariffs.
6904	Sweetest of the sweetest people.
6905	Sweet Home Alabama, King Sharukh Khan is coming!
6906	Sweet Jesus, what a night this must've been.
6907	Sweet potatoes are a pregnancy superfood because they pack vitamin C, folate, fiber, and carotenoids -- compounds the body converts to vitamin A. They also supply potassium in large amounts.
6908	’s writers helpfully introduced this new group of antagonists to extort and terrorize Lyon Dynasty right at the moment when it doesn’t seem like the First Family of Hip-Hop/Duplicity could hate each other more.
6909	Symptoms include hives, swelling of the mouth or throat, and trouble breathing.
6910	Synchronization is within a warp and is implicit in the instruction, so there is no need to synchronize the whole thread block with GroupMemoryBarrierWithGroupSync / groupMemoryBarrier.
6911	Synchronized Markdown Preview - Coupled view of a Markdown preview and its editor.
6912	Syndacast reports that including the word “video” in an email header may increase open rates up to 20 percent.
6913	Tableau has an uncanny ability to beautify your data, compared to other BI tools, which makes it an ideal choice for performing fast and easy visual analysis.
6914	Tab when DatePicker calendar focused throws error.
6915	Tag: "license" in "Data Center"
6916	"Takamori, what a nice surprise."
6917	Take a look at Moby Dick 2. This beautiful, heavy-yielding and fast flowering cannabis plant is both, eye-catcher and premium bud producer.
6918	Take a moment to consider that the safest and only prudent path forward, recommended, is to implant this technology directly into our brains.
6919	Take Antisthenes for example, widely believed to be the first of the Cynics.
6920	Take a proactive approach to social media engagement by getting involved with your community, remember focus on your 2-3 strengths.
6921	Take, for instance, Spencer and Heidi Pratt.
6922	Take it away, Mr. Carter Wilkinson.
6923	“Take Me or Leave Me” from Rent (the original cast soundtrack).
6924	Take some time to create a beautiful listing.
6925	Take that US economy!
6926	Take the dose immediately after mixing.
6927	Take the pan off of the heat and toss the butter, cheese, and basil with the pasta in the same manner (the pasta should take on an orange hue) and serve immediately.
6928	Take the safe path when it comes to GDPR and “outsource” your data-driven campaigns to Sizmek.
6929	Taking a lead in 8K development is NHK who announced at the 4K (HDR) Summit in November 2017 that it would be unveiling the world’s first broadcast in 4K/8K on 1 December 2018.
6930	"Taking Back the House" - Frankie and Mike decide it's time to regain control over their lives and the Heck household after years of being at their kids' beck and call.
6931	Taking the stairs, going for a morning bike ride or walking to lunch instead of driving may seem like small steps, but they make a big impact on how your body feels and how many calories you burn.
6932	Talking to other young readers has been a catalyst in my life.
6933	Tap anywhere in the Live Listen section on the bottom half of the dialog to enable it.
6934	Tap the Gmail app icon, which resembles a white envelope with a red "M" on it.
6935	Tap water is filtered, a salt solution may be added for strong alkaline and acidic waters, electrolysis is performed and the various waters are produced.
6936	Tap “” when done.
6937	Technically they are not sockets, but yes.
6938	Technicians find and kidnap her while he’s out hunting, filling her role in the village with a different host.
6939	Techniques are fun.
6940	Telcos need open digital ecosystems to develop products and services for customers and partners.
6941	Tell me more of what you mean?
6942	Tell that to Eric Garner, Sandra Bland.
6943	Tell us how you voted and why in the comments!
6944	Tell us, what is going on in your community and in your spaces?
6945	Tens of thousands of Muslim civilians and moderate rebels, mostly Sunnis, died in the early stages of the war in Syria, and many people have argued that the European jihadis were motivated by humanitarian concerns.
6946	Terms of Service – Customer Feedback for Microsoft Virtual Academy This site uses cookies for analytics, personalized content and ads.
6947	Tests on the selected ingredients revealed a biodegradability ratio of over 98%, which Jean-Florient calls “unique and unprecedented” for a professional range with such demanding standards.
6948	​ tests suggest that salicin upregulates HAS1 and HAS2, both involved in the synthesis of hyaluronic acid, as well as downregulating genes that are responsible for the degradation of hyaluronic acid, the authors claimed.
6949	Textual criticism of the sort Metzger is talking about (and which Ehrman was supposed to be talking about) can't help render an opinion about the originality of the GosJohn prologue.
6950	THALER: You can think of Nudge as the culmination of my career as a clinical economist.
6951	Thankfully, she didn't.
6952	Thank goodness too for leftovers because on the mornings I open my fridge to find containers of rice and beans, I know there are yet more effortless ways to deal with breakfast.
6953	Thank goodness we didn't have to search the world for amused part.
6954	Thanks, Doug, for the kind words.
6955	Thanks for sharing ´ strong person’!
6956	Thanks for the comprehensive info.
6957	Thanks for the fun interview everyone!
6958	Thanks for the great suggestions!
6959	Thanks for the info and opportunity!
6960	Thanks for the quality and compliments!
6961	Thanks for the reply, Wes!
6962	Thanks in part to work with a figure-skating coach, Strome made nice strides last season and finished with 37 goals and 68 points in 65 games with Hamilton in the Ontario Hockey League.
6963	Thanks, Juleen, for telling us about these two (new-to-me) authors.
6964	Thanks Mona for being so generous with your time.
6965	Thanks one more time!
6966	Thanks Shammi and Indira for the comments.
6967	Thanks so much for posting your question and welcome to the NerdWallet community!
6968	Thanks to our amazing backers, we promised to allow libraries to circulate DRM-free ebooks of the eleven collections free to their patrons.
6969	Thanks to our GPU-based model, we will visually demonstrate rapidly-prototyped garments by designing and tuning their characteristics.
6970	Thank you, Anita, for all the work you put into this site — it is fabulous!
6971	Thank you for choosing us, not because we are especially worthy, but because you are a gracious, merciful God.
6972	Thank you for doing what you do!
6973	Thank you for reading, commenting, and stopping in to share my little corner of the internet.
6974	Thank you for reading my review.
6975	Thank you for reviewing The Grace Painter.
6976	Thank you for sharing such an awesome recipe!
6977	Thank you for the recipe, will definitely make it again.
6978	Thank you for this site and the work you put into writing it.
6979	Thank you for those of you that were online and stuck around for us.
6980	Thank you for your interest in the Favorite Poem Project: Chicago.
6981	Thank you Karen and thank you all for coming to the site.
6982	“Thank you, Lehzen, but I can manage unaided.”
6983	Thank you so much for stopping in at Bacon, and I’m so glad you enjoyed it!
6984	Thank you so much, I can't say enough kind words to show my gratitude of the experience and I hope that you continue doing this conference annually.”
6985	Thank you SO MUCH to those who ENCOURAGE me to post more.
6986	Thank you so much, Zoey!
6987	Thank you, Sorry so rude to you yesterday.
6988	Thank you, Susan, for this AMAZINGLY comprehensive collection of lists, and for the great honor of having my poetry list included!
6989	Thank you to all the staff for making my stay comfortable and enjoyable.
6990	Thank you to Penguin's First to Read Program for a copy of this book in return for an honest review.
6991	That being said, hopefully we get to see the alternate ending on the Blu-ray to see how the scene plays out.
6992	That can be quite handy if you use your desktop as a file server as well.
6993	That can happen when we have an aggressively managed program with adequate funding derived from levies on flights rather than on passengers.
6994	That can reduce civilian casualties," Letta Taylor from Human Rights Watch said.
6995	That couldn’t be uglier.
6996	That'd really require a separate post to cover all that territory.
6997	That episode will be the last episode with chef's famous narration.
6998	That evening we had dinner at alongside the Grand Union Canal in Little Venice.
6999	That exposed a flaw in the constitution, which failed to stipulate that any proposition put to referendum must first command agreement that it is constitutional.
7000	That first bite into my Sicilian-made cannollo and Sicilian style pizza in Palermo, Mamma Mia!"
7001	That freezer would store bag after bag of frozen fish caught by my father, lots of venison and beef that my family would trade for (or, in the case of venison, occasionally hunt for as a food source), frozen vegetables, and countless other food items.
7002	That he's still searching for his first NFL reception may surprise some, especially those familiar with his exploits in college.
7003	That honor belongs to Felix ‘PewDiePie’ Kjellberg, who hit 10 billion views all the way back in 2015, almost seven months before anyone else could catch up.
7004	That I burst out laughing on the conference call may account for the fact I am still sitting by the phone waiting for my big Hollywood break.
7005	That is not to live in the land of do as you please.
7006	That is once again more than the year before.
7007	That is scary if Amazon does get that right.
7008	That is too late for me so I will follow the healthy cultures and not what I read on sites like this one…
7009	That is when things began to come together fast and furious.
7010	That is why self-esteem is so important.
7011	That is why today my budget will expand Medicaid for the Commonwealth of Virginia.
7012	That lead story is “The Challenge” by writer Tony DePaul with art by Paul Ryan.
7013	That led to more than a dozen stints in rehab, one of which ultimately resulted in an addiction to prescription meds.
7014	That may not seem like a lot but it can add up quickly, and “dramatically change the affordability of the loan,” he says.
7015	That means that the Pinterest account has been verified.
7016	That means that we could very likely see (and hear) a Beats 2 through Beats 6 joining the broadcast offerings.
7017	That might not even be that bad of a thing, because the plot itself is unexciting at best.
7018	That month, Google sites were accessed by 185.05 million unique mobile users.
7019	That new state if we look here, that's going to set this to be black, right?
7020	That number leapt by 42 percent—and, troublingly, it doesn't even count the FBI.
7021	That often happens with chews which are imported from third world countries.
7022	"That one has too much fungus."
7023	That person who cut me in traffic might have just lost their spouse, or had a miscarriage, or lost their job or worse.
7024	That phenomenon song is insidious!
7025	That referent now enters the unreachable state, and the garbage collector can reclaim its memory the next time it runs.
7026	That reward is an incentive to get you to take the survey.
7027	That’s 60 yards or 180 feet.
7028	That's actually a fridge.
7029	That’s a giant iPad that you have here!
7030	That said, however, I honestly don't know the answer to your questions, Tim. I don't know why insurers only insure in some states, though I'd guess that it has more to do with state regulators and marketing choices than federal policy.
7031	That said, I do quite like to see if there’s a link between what I post and the number of people visiting (so it’s good to see when a post has been made and what it is).
7032	That said, I figure I should decide how to handle the above dilemma first, you know?
7033	That said, its probably easier to just learn the command-line options for exiftool and create one's own scripts to batch update images.
7034	That said, they’re an enhancement of your existing website which should take no longer than a few hours and have no negative effect on unsupported browsers.
7035	That's all I wanted.
7036	That's an interesting observation.
7037	That's awesome guys!
7038	That’s because the bad guys have the tools, expertise and financial incentive to exploit vulnerabilities faster than the good guys can find them.
7039	That’s because the intermediate generated sources will be required by both 32-bit and 64-bit build, but $(local-intermediates-dir) only points to one of the two intermediate directories.
7040	That season, which featured Depree Bowden and Briana Phillips, who both played at Florida, culminated with a narrow state championship loss to Jacksonville Ribault.
7041	That’s hard, and you can’t screw it up, and there are serious consequences to errors.
7042	That’s Jack White on guitar.
7043	That's not the only thing that's wrong.
7044	“That's obviously a wine that is going to age well” acknowledged Crushpad winemaker who was tasting the final version of the wine with us.
7045	That’s okay, though, because I still really liked the book.
7046	That's one lesson a newbie can learn.
7047	That sounds like a great recipe for a new product.
7048	That's our excuse anyway.
7049	That's "roughly triple what they are this year in nominal terms and roughly double when measured as a percentage of GDP," the CBO said.
7050	That's something I've never really considered being an en-US user.
7051	That's the information you are looking for, I'd guess.
7052	That’s the motive behind Accelerated Mobile Pages (AMP).
7053	"That’s the only song in the world that kicked my backside," he admits.
7054	That’s the part the Miller report ignores.
7055	That's too bad about the crab turnovers.
7056	That’s very select company.
7057	That’s what any businessperson would do and I think the state should be run that way also.
7058	That's what going to happen and sure as you are standing there."
7059	That’s what John Hay, an amateur boxer, aspiring litterateur, and one of the president’s two young private secretaries, comes to suspect after receiving an anonymous missive suggesting homicide.
7060	That’s what they’re all about!
7061	That’s when we called in Softcat."
7062	That's why god invented the siesta.
7063	That’s why I don’t find many photos of parties in my files.
7064	That's why I kept pointing out that goodwill has nothing to do with this.
7065	That’s why today we’re introducing Secret Chats – conversations with advanced privacy elements that users have complete control over.
7066	That’s why we created ten healthy recipes to basically make your back-to-work month more manageable…and more colorful.
7067	That’s why we’ve created a spreadsheet that can serve as an easy launching point, to help make the decision a bit easier.
7068	That’s why we were so excited to share our early work with Santa Cruz at Oculus Connect last year.
7069	That’s why we will continue to emphasize the fresh and entertaining live reads that has fueled podcasting’s rocketing growth.
7070	That’s why when BetTech experienced some downtime one Saturday night (peak-time for the company), Barnes and team knew it might be time to replace their old in-house monitoring system.
7071	That’s why you would, sabelmouse.
7072	That tells me about IOPS – what about throughput, i.e., the number of bytes read/written?
7073	That trail has been extended, improved and — until the Thomas Fire and debris flows — likely served thousands of trail users for the past 15 years of so.
7074	That was actually Tully, signaling that it was time for the show’s various act breaks.
7075	That was definitely the case with the package Jonathan had put together… it’s important to get the little things right.”
7076	That was never one of my issues with school; I was mostly just bored.
7077	That wasn't a bad dream or an acid flashback.
7078	That was part of the conceit.
7079	That was sooo much fun!
7080	That was so two weeks ago.
7081	That was when the telephone rang and Ernesto answered it.
7082	That way you can learn the ins and outs – how to check in with the school office, how to present your invoice, how to organize your space, etc.
7083	That way you’re gleaning knowledge from people who are experts in their field and also gaining real-life work experience on the job — putting it all into practice.
7084	That woman becomes the subject of addiction, she is the new Opium, both antidote and poison.
7085	That worried me as I got older, but it also intrigued me.
7086	That would be illegal.
7087	That would be nice, but the compensation would be less than the above scenario of finding each station one at a time.
7088	That would be quite the list.
7089	That would be so crazy in a steamy hot bathroom hehehe!
7090	That would swiftly lead to the kind of experimental paralysis that certain sections of mainstream literature are prone to, forcing everyone into contrived and odd tenses, points of view, and story forms just to make their readers pay attention.
7091	"That you suspected Lleutrim might be coming up on his First Change is fine.
7092	The $10 per month add on for the iPad was a problem for me.
7093	The 10-year-old loves them.
7094	The $1,199 base model makes do with a seventh-generation Core i5, 8GB of RAM, and a 256GB SSD.
7095	The 11th-century abbess and healer Hildegard of Bingen declared in her writings: “All the green of nature is concentrated within the Emerald.”
7096	The $12.95 domain registration fee is, as usual, not refundable.
7097	The 16MP camera now has a Sony IMX 519 sensor, which has 19 percent larger pixels than the 5T, to help with lowlight performance.
7098	The 18 weeks will be broken down as 10 weeks of Short-Term Disability and 8 weeks of Parental Leave.
7099	The 1950s were extremely wet in Australia, as were the 1970s, the 1990s were also wet and now we are back in the wet cycle again.
7100	The 200 inhalation unit has a net weight of 12.9 grams.
7101	The 200kw of power the solar panels draw is great for internal use; for lights, microwave ovens, all that human-related stuff that will need to happen.
7102	The 2018 entry numbers have also shown a shift in the type of companies entering the awards with the number of brands entering work increasing by 84% over last year.
7103	The $240 may be trivial in some estimations, but if it’s mine, it’s still better off in my pocket than theirs.
7104	The 27-year-old scored a goal to help give his country their best-ever finish at a World Cup tournament and afterward threw his club future in doubt.
7105	The 350-pound machine offers 2 petaflops of computing power and 512GB of HBM2 memory.
7106	The 3GB variant starts at £200 ($280).
7107	The 41-year-old donned an ill-fitting black ensemble at the Los Angeles premiere of "Valerian And The City Of A Thousand Planets" in Hollywood.
7108	The 5th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals will hold a hearing on the NFL's emergency motion for a stay in the Ezekiel Elliott case on Oct. 2, according to court documents.
7109	The above text is spread out across a series of panels, each showing Brimsby by himself at a table for two, making his lonely hats and drinking his lonely tea, as the seasons change outside his window, and winter comes.
7110	The Academy of American Poets announced that twelve contemporary poets from diverse backgrounds would serve as 2018 Poem-a-Day guest editors.
7111	The accessibility of affordable smart devices, including phones and tablets, will be transformative in these countries.
7112	The acclaimed and award-winning author of Blackbird Fly and The Land of Forgotten Girls writes with an authentic, humorous, and irresistible tween voice that will appeal to fans of Thanhha Lai and Rita Williams-Garcia.
7113	The account I made is dragonriderslaviolette.com and the groupe have dragonriders.
7114	The account manager is the one who manages the day-to-day relationships and communications with the client.
7115	The acting was pretty good and I liked that they made the characters actually look like teenagers.
7116	The actual string was unknown when working in the JS file.
7117	The addition of Google Lens will help them quickly and visually get more info on things they see out in the world, from flowers to books and more.
7118	The adrenal glands, located on the top of each kidney, are responsible for releasing different hormones.
7119	The advantage is colors pop more than an LCD, and the display uses less power to produce blacks.
7120	The afternoon was spent going through the exhibits while stopping back at Mystery Writers of America's booth to try to catch friends.
7121	The Age of Earthquakes: A Guide to the Extreme Present by Douglas Coupland.
7122	The age of the bones lead Sergeant John Winters to suspect they may be the bones of a man who went missing when Molly was in eighth grade.
7123	The agreement is made during lunch when Dave, who had gone the entire morning without speaking as an experiment, reaches his boiling point when Lynsey blathers on and on about a sweater at the mall.
7124	The airline will take delivery of three Pratt & Whitney powered 777-200s this year.
7125	The Alexa Skills Kit (ASK) empowers anyone to leverage Amazon’s years of innovation in the field of voice design.
7126	The allocation of a number of cell blocks for the prisoners with disabilities in three prisons, according to the Ministry of Interior; including Wadi Al-Natron in Beheira Governorate north of Cairo and Borg al-Arab in Alexandria.
7127	The Alphabet Press TIEF is awesome!
7128	The ambulance flew down strange empty roads, between the blue sky, the grey tarmac and the yellow of the endless steppe.
7129	The amendment I have offered with my good friend, the senior Senator from Rhode Island, seeks to help equip school librarians to do an even better job.
7130	The American people overwhelmingly oppose any wall.
7131	The Annotated Guide to Robert E. Howard's Sword and Sorcery, by Robert Weinberg.
7132	The answer is to establish separate, as-a-service teams (electric vehicles) and bring these up to speed while ramping down legacy products and practices (petrol-powered vehicles).
7133	The answers probably won’t surprise you, but the circumstances might.
7134	The APIs are not as effective in migrating ticket data.
7135	The appetite to implement chatbots in the customer journey is undeniable, but their implementationdoesn’t mark the end of the line for brands looking to deliver exceptional customer service.
7136	The Apple Watch Series 3 (GPS + Cellular) has an AT&T mobile number and associated plan that will appear on your monthly bill.
7137	The application can also help improve back-office efficiency by reducing or eliminating tasks—generating consistent time savings—and by creating an industrialized real time plan of the crews on the field.
7138	The application is observing player item status when the status changed to failed.
7139	The architects showed their mastery of Western-style designs best in the Yihelu Community, which consists of more than 340 two- and three-storey houses, each with a garden.
7140	The area at the entrance to the onsen is styled like a traditional Japanese shopping street, filled with stalls selling Edo-period items and accessories like paper balloons and candy in nostalgic packaging.
7141	The Argentinians layer it on grilled steak or marinade poultry with it.
7142	The argument is not over, and neither is government regulation.
7143	The Arminian agrees that we need a resurrection but this resurrection comes by faith.
7144	The Art Behind the Headshot was released in 2011, and since then Peter has not only grown into an even more skilled headshot photographer, but he's also become a much better instructor.
7145	The Art of War for Small Business.
7146	The ASA also highlights that there are no explicit images or references to animal slaughter in the TV ad.
7147	The Asus T100 doesn't have that much memory so I suggest getting an external hard drive.
7148	The atmosphere is one of love and concern.
7149	The attorneys are from a variety of the top under grad and law schools and are intelligent and easy to work with.
7150	The audience necessarily remained a thing unseen except for a few front rows, where one sourpuss could send me into panic and desperation.
7151	The author has done such a wonderful job of weaving this tale that it is difficult to put the book down.
7152	The authorities scheduled an autopsy this week before the release of Roser's official cause of death.
7153	The author retains all rights to this article.
7154	The authors note that the study does not conclude that conservatives are more commonly hoodwinked by all brands of BS.
7155	The autocomplete questionsHave I been ghosted?
7156	The award is sponsored by the University of Oklahoma's Institute for U.S.-China Issues.
7157	The Baby Bookworm article suggests that it doesn't matter what you read during the first six months, "since the infant brain at this point is recording the cadence of language, not individual words."
7158	The backdrop for the conference: a number of recent success stories in South Florida’s tech community.
7159	The balloon glow is night, during which all the balloons are lined up on Main Street with a band on each end of the road.
7160	The bank also was awarded a 5-star, Superior Bauer rating for Dec. 31, 2017, financial data.
7161	The basic income pilot project, which launched last year and was set to run for three years, provided payments to 4,000 low-income people in communities including Hamilton, Brantford, Thunder Bay and Lindsay.
7162	The Beam will do pretty much anything an Amazon Echo smart speaker will do.
7163	The behavior that started it all would not change.
7164	The Belgian international has become a Citizen.
7165	The benefit of cooking lasagna in a skillet?
7166	The benefit of the cloud is that it has zero setup, is always up to date, and (most importantly) the student can log in later to continue their learning.
7167	The best books to help both men AND women work better together.
7168	The best course launches feel like a celebration, a grand event your audience gets to participate in. Here are a few ideas on how you can successfully promote your online course launch.
7169	The best part about football is the singularity of the sport.
7170	The best part of my shopping experience was how undone everyone is by this new store.
7171	The best standalone 2015 Internet security program for Macs is ESET’s Cybersecurity Pro.
7172	The best way to break out of the vicious cycle of is to very carefully manage what you agree to do.
7173	The BibleWorks File Search window (which we will use later) is designed to use the Roman character set.
7174	The big data and business analytics market is expected to be worth $210 billion by 2019.
7175	The big question is how to blend research on what drives behavioral change with good game development practices, he says.
7176	The big-screen adaptation of the Seattle-set novel that sold more than 100 million copies (and made BDSM a household acronym) hits theaters February 13. We’ll help you decide whether to be there opening night.
7177	The big story this morning seems to be Rudy Giuliani saying on Fox News that President Trump reimbursed his lawyer for a $130,000 “shut up and go away” payment to porn star Stormy Daniels over an alleged one-night tryst 11 years ago.
7178	The big topic in the world of TV Everywhere is content discovery.
7179	The BlackBerry KEYone has done a pretty good job of filling the keyboard phone niche, however large that might be.
7180	The board has 18 external trigger pins that will directly trigger pre-selected MP3 tracks, and a full-duplex serial control port that provides full transport control, remote triggering for up to 256 tracks, and fast real-time volume control.
7181	The board seems to break out everything necessary to get up and running.
7182	The boat was lifted 80 feet from the bottom of the lake to the surface Monday morning.
7183	The bodies of Neal and Sellers were found near a houseboat rented by James Hogancamp, who pleaded guilty to two counts of murder in the case.
7184	The book is elevated by a strong sense of parable and some finely drawn characters and is inventively constructed as it leaps from voice to voice.”
7185	The book reads more like a novel on the writer's journey of cleaning out her late husband's space.
7186	The book was published by Pearson/Addison-Wesley Professional, March 2011, Copyright 2011 by Pearson Education.
7187	The boundaries that differentiate urban from rural, and natural from artificial, are getting harder to draw.
7188	The Boundless CF 710 comes with a ceramic or quartz heating tip.
7189	The boxes were then displayed in the 7 Stages lobby for the audience to enjoy before the show.
7190	The boy child was struck with horror at this scene, and I comforted him with the thought that humans have evolved so as to make themselves useful in various ways beyond being someone’s mate, so such a thing never need happen to people in modern times.
7191	The British Prime Minister Theresa May has made an offer on citizens rights.
7192	The broth was a touch murky, but generally good, as flavors of anise and cilantro rounded out the substantial beef base.
7193	The broth with the highest protein content by far at 7 grams per cup—College Inn—failed for an entirely different reason.
7194	The brunch crunch at Sous Buerre Kitchen.
7195	The building features a new, glass-walled ELEVATOR with 6-person capacity and courtyard view.
7196	The Bullet solver will ignore the agents and no RBD objects will collide against them.
7197	The Bulls blew an 18-point lead in the fourth quarter but still came away with their second win in three games after dropping seven in a row.
7198	The business in which Equifax finds itself requires vast stores of sensitive, personally identifiable information.
7199	The buttons are nice and responsive and the cutouts on the back have enough bezel to not interfere with the camera and fingerprint sensor.
7200	The buyer wanted to expedite payment and shipping, saying it was a birthday gift for her son, and she was willing to pay extra.
7201	The C7 Corvette Grand Sport lies in the intersection of the sports cars versus luxury cars Venn diagram.
7202	The Cajuns made their initial push with an 11-2 run which dropped the ULM lead to 66-57 with 3:41 left to play.
7203	The Cajuns will finish the month of August with three wins for the first time in program history.
7204	The camera sports a 1/2.3-inch CMOS image sensor, the same type you find in a typical pocket superzoom and slightly larger than the sensor in an iPhone.
7205	The cardinal sin in suspense novels is to leave the reader unsatisfied with the ending.
7206	The Caricatura Gallery in Kassel shows a few examples of their work in a new exhibition.
7207	“The carriage is ready,” said Lizaveta, looking out into the street.
7208	The cases used to train Watson therefore don’t take into account the economic and social issues faced by patients in poorer countries, noted Ossorio, the University of Wisconsin law professor.
7209	The case was then brought before the highest court in Hungary, which asked the CJEU to clarify whether or not Hungarian data protection law applied to the matter.
7210	The castle and the windmills are Consuegra's most important monuments.
7211	The cats at the farm have an electric wire at the top of the fence: they don't climb out and raccoons don't climb in, and they seem to have their kitty hands full with rodent control.
7212	The "cave art” approach may be considered clever by some reviewers, but I'm not one of them!
7213	The CBC says that the decision not to display the cartoons was based on a principle of not offending an entire religion and its followers.
7214	The Census Bureau establishes the poverty rate by figuring out an annual no-frills family food budget, multiplying it by three, adjusting it for household size, and pegging it to the Consumer Price Index.
7215	The Center for Culture & Ecotourism is also working with Charles Richard in the Film Studies program.
7216	The CEO is expecting an investment in IT innovation to yield either cost reduction or revenue growth, but growth cannot happen without opportunity identification.
7217	The chain of cargo cars and passenger gondolas were suspended by multicolored balloon sacks, each marked with the iconic honeybee symbol of the loving Watchmaker.
7218	The challenge for you, readers, is to figure out what it was that Dr. Ahmed saw and the diagnosis he gave the patient.
7219	The challenge is to weave those threads through the book without sacrificing character (or bogging down in detail--I did a lot of trimming on).
7220	The change felt sudden, and so did the growing pressure from fans anticipating an official album.
7221	The characters in HUSH, HUSH were an interesting mix and most were not likable.
7222	The charges arrived suspiciously soon after their patron, head of the Komsomol youth organization Alexander Kosarev, had fallen out of political favor.
7223	‘The charity provides advice and information on topics such as access to benefits and services.’
7224	The cheese looks odd indeed.
7225	The chef will prepare food based on your specifications, and, within reason, will add what you request to the grocery list.
7226	The Chicago White Sox went to the World Series in 1959 for the first time in 40 years and lost to the Los Angeles Dodgers in six games.
7227	The chips work great as a one-bite-snack.
7228	The chocolate sauce will keep for about 3 weeks in the refrigerator.
7229	The choice is yours, Dixon says.
7230	The CIA declined to comment on the specifics of the case.
7231	The CIO Executive Council outlines four essential principles for IT leaders to keep in mind as they develop or hone their.
7232	The citizens of countries hosting BRI projects may come to regret their governments’ enthusiasm.
7233	The classic “diamond push-up” is probably the most well known of the close grip push-up variations.
7234	The clause changes the default database collation.
7235	"The Clearing process was so stress-free and simple, which really helped boost my morale because I was already very upset about losing my conditional offer," Da Silva Aguiar says.
7236	The click on the link to add a phone to the account.
7237	The clip has been seen over four million times and it wasn't long before people began reaching out to Bloom's place of work, a company called Sonoco, on social media.
7238	The CL of ipilimumab increased with increasing body weight supporting the recommended body weight (mg/kg) based dosing.
7239	The close of the calendar year is December 31, without regard to the time of the year that the account is opened.
7240	The code above assumes all fields will be treated as strings.
7241	The collection and processing of your personal data (title, first and last name, street, house number, postcode, city, country) is necessary for processing your order.
7242	The color and style look elvish to me.
7243	The Colossus single showed much promise out of the gate, but Ross pulled it after Charlie, suffering from a ruptured appendix, backed out of an engagement that Ross had arranged for him at the famed Apollo Theater in Harlem.
7244	The Colts are holding a night practice and barbecue for fans tonight at Grand Park.
7245	The comments made by Huang have come at a time when China’s lawmakers are looking to make online retail operators directly liable for the sale of fake goods on their platforms.
7246	The company had seven employees at the beginning of 2017 and now has 42, N2WS CEO Jason Judge said.
7247	The company has also revealed the prices of the first four S-series lenses, announced alongside the camera at the Photokina 2008 exhibition in Germany.
7248	The company has set a sales target of over 300 bn yen for 2020 (€2.3 bn), with an operating profit ratio of 10% and overseas sales ratio of 25%.
7249	The company is set to launch a range of foundations, named Bounce, which boasts a ‘whipped liquid’ formula that lends a matt finish.
7250	The company makes models with both APS-C and full-frame image sensors at various price points.
7251	The Company operated eight distribution centers to supply its stores with merchandise, as of January 28, 2017.
7252	The company provides a ramp to learn the sales process and technology, and invests significantly in our development.
7253	The company refers to the process as causal reasoning, but it’s more analogous to finding patient zero, the original individual about whom someone else may have expressed concern.
7254	The Company retains sole discretion to decide if you have breached this agreement, any rule, regulation or law that is contrary to this Agreement.
7255	The company, which recently abandoned plans for an Elvis Presley miniseries produced by The Weinstein Co., is near a deal for scripted anthology — produced by Steven Spielberg — as its first offering.
7256	The company, which specialises in consumer insights and has the largest continuous panel in Great Britain, was listed 80th - rising 19 places since its first inclusion in 2011.
7257	The competition, administered by HUD, had an ambitious purpose: to shift the way the U.S. manages natural disasters, from simply responding to and recovering from them, to planning and preparing for their inevitability.
7258	The complexity of the products and services mostly affects your web content, so you need to clearly describe specifications and features in detail.
7259	The computer also calculates the lead time for a moving target, while the projectile itself is also updated with flight data to control the release of the net and parachute.
7260	The Computer Science Department at Rowan University invites applications for a tenure-track faculty position with a primary specialization in Data Analytics to begin September 1, 2017.
7261	The concept has no subject or object other than itself.”
7262	The concept of animal cafes started in Asia more than a decade ago.
7263	The condition seems to have seriously impaired that part of the brain where his sense of humor resides, not to mention perspective, at least insofar as the topic of Trump is concerned.
7264	The coneys have a nice snap to them and go great with some delicious chili-cheese fries.
7265	"The confusion about the size of the company is when you're talking about your company to a vendor and you're in this gridlock of 'I'm too small.'
7266	The consequences of America not taking on Putin could be disastrous for several reasons.
7267	The construction “I got this” is often used (as Hudson uses it) in a slangy, idiomatic way to mean “I can take care of this” or “I have this under control.”
7268	The content persists in a secure "canvas," in Bluescape's parlance, for continuous access -- and users can view these project workspaces from their mobile devices, laptops, or touch-enabled conference room screens.
7269	The contract, valued at $163 million, calls for.
7270	The core of the operating system isn't that different, but the experience is absolutely what Vista should have been on day one.
7271	The core part of Conversion Logic’s cross-channel attribution product is incorporating all user-level addressable channels – digital and direct mail – with TV and radio.
7272	The costs $59/month and includes the basic credit repair services, such as disputing derogatory items, online access to your case status as well as your own Case Analyst and Case Advisor.
7273	The couple’s actions sparked renewed criticism after a Canadian YouTuber a video Monday slamming the Martins for continuing to make prank videos involving their children.
7274	The cover issue, a very visual representation of what is wrong in publishing, brought into question just how much control authors have over the presentation of their stories, and in particular continues to be a sore spot among many readers and writers.
7275	The creative contest requires that artwork based on the southern-gothic musical be submitted using Twitter, Instagram and Vine.
7276	The CRN identifies top 25 big data infrastructure, tools and service companies offering everything from hardware servers, to software platforms and applications, to cloud-based services.
7277	The Crop tool is one of Photoshop's CC most useful tools, particularly for those of you who take lots of photographs.
7278	The crucifixion imagery related to the relationship between kids and adults is really compelling to think about and useful.
7279	The crumbling colonial heart of the Cuban capital is undoubtedly beautiful and its bustling streets might inspire creativity among your team.
7280	The C-series Dells are extremely tough and every major component can be upgraded.
7281	The C-shaped toy fits snuggly in your partner’s vagina.
7282	The current leadership thinks that empowered clerics can be politically dangerous - whether they inspire Islamist extremists, or more peaceful demands for political power-sharing.
7283	The currently state of the world is one in which men have more power, and it is one we aim to dismantle — not in order to hurt men, but in order to free people from stereotypes and expectations that harm everyone.
7284	The current paperback packaging features the villains, not the detective, on the front covers.
7285	The current position of the American Academy of Pediatrics is that a screening is not indicated before the initiation of stimulant medication in a patient without risk factors.
7286	‘The darkness closed in on her, trapping her in profuse exhaustion and a dull throbbing pain.’
7287	The data has been calculated by Statista based on the U.S. Census data and Simmons National Consumer Survey (NHCS).
7288	The daughters of the forest seem compelled to go out into the world and mate with human males, perhaps because they don’t seem to have any males of their own kind there, not that we can see.
7289	The day of my crossing, an official film crew happened to be shooting footage of the border formalities, which certainly didn't hurt.
7290	The days are flexible, but is planned to last 14 days between January 1-19.
7291	The day they told me I was going to need to have surgery was a day I'll never forget, because my dad brought me the most perfect, delicious fish sandwich from the Northstar Café in the Short North area of Columbus, Ohio.
7292	"The Death and Life of the Great Lakes is the most evenhanded piece of ecological writing I've come across in a long time.
7293	The death that cannot be avenged except by the deceased, the only person who cannot avenge…anything.
7294	The decision comes after a feasibility study was launched last October.
7295	The deepest and heaviest love must grow up withthe time.
7296	The default is to leave the forms unfilled and empty.
7297	The default setting is still an app drawer-less home screen layout, but you can change that in settings.
7298	The definition of “humane” is having or showing compassion.
7299	The deputies’ body cameras continued to roll after I was taken into custody.
7300	The Descent was picked up for future U.S. distribution by Lion's Gate, whose work was cut out for them considering the tame opening of the similarly-themed stateside production of The Cave in late-August of the same year.
7301	The descriptions of the ship and life in the different classes aboard were fascinating and seemed well researched.
7302	The Descriptor.withTopics method accepts a sequence of topic calls, each topic call can be defined via the object.
7303	“The design encourages sediment to leave the bottle,” Addison said.
7304	The designers had been inspired by the choreography of Merce Cunningham and Martha Graham to find their “floral graciousness” and bring their dancer into the modern age.
7305	The designs for iOS and Android are slightly different.
7306	The detail on Batman and Superman are simply amazing!
7307	The details of the hurt that Creasey might have done to this girl during his visit remained obscure, but he felt the outrage all the more vividly for his ignorance.
7308	The devastation of the 2017 hurricane was felt far and wide as the infrastructure took a massive hit to its power grid, food supply, and medical supplies.
7309	The Devil's Disciple is here published alongside 'Did He Kill Them?', a haunting tale of a love affair turned sour.
7310	The diagnosis of Castleman disease is made by a tissue sampling (biopsy) of an affected lymph node.
7311	The dictionary data structure is introduced.
7312	The dictionary says the Chinese used the term figuratively in the “18th cent. or earlier in political contexts” to refer to a “servile follower, lackey.”
7313	The difficulty of the dish is due in part to the fact that the sauce does not lend itself to the rote following of directions.
7314	The dinner lasted about two (completely dark) hours.
7315	The disadvantage is that you are still using a single platform—either public or private.
7316	The dishes here are simple yet unique, with bright, fresh flavors.
7317	The display is extra bright, with what LG says is a 1,000-nit maximum brightness and dedicated white pixels to go along with the traditional RGB, resulting in strong visibility in direct sunlight.
7318	The district attorney’s office in Philadelphia has also asked the judge to list Cosby as a predator and have his name added to the Pennsylvania’s sex offender registry.
7319	The dividend distribution will be characterized as both return of capital and income for tax purposes.
7320	‘The division stretches from the city centre and Openshaw in the south to Blackley in the north.’
7321	The Doctor asks Ace if she has any regrets about burning the house now; Ace tells him she wishes she blew it up instead.
7322	The Doctor posing as a in a paradoxical timeline.
7323	The doctors can also refer them to qualified therapists, as needed.
7324	The Doctor tries to rouse the human side of Robson.
7325	The dome symbolizes water and is freshly whitewashed each year and decorated with a pattern of yellow paint to represent lotus petals.
7326	The dominant way that people hear music often dictates how it is made.
7327	The dots on the cover are Braille.
7328	The driver was going to have to hit that wall or topple into the ditch.
7329	The dusty card was eventually returned to its owner once everyone had sobered up and just before his wife noticed it was missing…
7330	The earliest versions in the Internet Archive are from November 1996, so they aren’t exactly how I remember them, but the Gatorade site is pretty close.
7331	The Easiest Audio Conference Ever?
7332	THE EAST.; New Bank for Boston The Liquor Law of Massachusetts Masonic Funeral.
7333	The editorial decision-maker, often the Editor-in-Chief, will review the submitted manuscript, peer-reviewer comments and scores, and Conflict of Interest declarations before making their first editorial decision.
7334	The efficacy, safety, and pharmacokinetics of SOMA in pediatric patients less than 16 years of age have not been established.
7335	The Ego fan from InWin is designed to be the ultimate RGB LED fan by using a silicone diffuser around the edges of the fan to give a software and cleaner LED experience.
7336	The electronics leader will focus on using technology to revolutionise skin care at this year’s CES 2017 between 5th-8th January at Eureka Park Marketplace, Las Vegas, US.
7337	The elegant hers master bath features large walk-in closet w/built-ins, marble/glass shower & amazing spa tub.
7338	The element of faith within fiction exists today for children of all ages.
7339	The eloquence of everyday participants will link the reader to the era when the origins of the ensuing century’s conflicts became apparent.”
7340	The employees are upset over a management decision to set aside 50% of the tickets for people buying them in advance online.
7341	The ending of the book is neatly done.
7342	The Enterprise had reoriented itself so that, from their vantage at the ship’s stern, Scott and Kirk could look directly into the vast field of crystalline shards, tumbling slowly in their orbits.
7343	The entire book is incredibly tense and very powerful.
7344	The entire controller itself is now covered in a textured geometric pattern, resembling NVIDIA’s design language.
7345	The entire thing is inflamed, a white blanket on your epiglottis suggests chronic infection, and I see at least three significant calluses on the vocal chords themselves.
7346	The episode, entitled “Not Cleared for Takeoff” was filmed back in February 2017, and Jon decided to not to rebrand the bar with a new name.
7347	The Estée Lauder Companies has expanded its UK presence having opened a pop up shop for its premium Crème de La Mer brand, according to City AM.
7348	The event is always jammed -- but tickets start at $250.
7349	“The ever hip and funny comedian and Parks and Recreation star embarks on a surprisingly insightful exploration of the complex realities of dating today….
7350	The executive order also makes calls to remove criminal undocumented immigrants, another one of Trump's campaign promises.
7351	The exercises are very easy to follow and are accompanied by excellent videos and a clock that counts down the number of repetitions remaining.
7352	The exodus follows a trend of people leaving the region, largely for more affordable inland counties.
7353	The expense for all elections shall be paid by such city.
7354	The experience becomes in addition to utilitarian and the result is a more resonant, memorable and ultimately lucrative relationship.
7355	The experience of looking for lemurs was very different from what I expected.
7356	The experts on aging, cognitive decline and brain research say there is very little to no scientific evidence to support the claims made by a wide swath of so-called over-the-counter “brain health” supplements and herbal remedies.
7357	The explains how to implement this verification.
7358	The eyeshadows are made within the USA and weight in at 0.02 oz each for a total weight of 0.28 oz. Past palettes such as the Artist Palette was $30.00 at 0.30 oz with 12 eyeshadows and the Amrezy Eyeshadow Palette which was $29 at 0.25 oz with 10 shades.
7359	The fabulously rich Timon believes all his friends to be as open-hearted and generous as himself.
7360	The fact that people: A) know this movie exists, and B) there’s this incredible, palpable energy around it and interest is fun.
7361	The fact that we feel no collective sense of surprise at all of this goes to show just how well capitalism covers its own tracks.
7362	The fairies and I indulged earlier with a small slice each, there's more than three quarters remaining.
7363	The family has just moved to New York City on the bankroll of future employers the McBrunights.
7364	The family settled in the late 1800’s and has ranched in the area since.
7365	The Far Cry 5 trailer consists of 3 separate stories, telling the struggle of protagonists for their rights in Hope County, Montana - a picturesque corner of the world where a sect of religious fanatics is trying to establish control over the locals.
7366	The fast development of digital technologies in particular offers great potential, but to achieve all the benefits we need to work with innovation in a different way.
7367	The faster it happens the better for everyone else.
7368	The Fastly services by default do not process personal data.
7369	The Fault LED on the front panel.
7370	The FBI says it is "coordinating with the city of Atlanta to determine what happened."
7371	The FDA guidance “Management of Cybersecurity in Medical Devices – 2016” requires that data be protected.
7372	The Festool Compressed Air Orbital Sander LRS 400 sander connects quickly and easily to Festool dust extraction equipment with IAS 3 connecting interfaces.
7373	The figures below provide estimates of the likelihood of achieving systolic or diastolic blood pressure control with Diovan HCT 320/25 mg, based upon baseline systolic or diastolic blood pressure.
7374	The file input element's event immediately checks if the user has selected files and if yes, it loops through each file (images).
7375	The filling, though is more custard-like…and I’ve never counted the layers, so I’m not sure if there are 14, but there are a lot and they are thin like that.
7376	The film is overlong and the romance arrived way too late in the game, but still this is an engaging, frequently even touching and very interesting Bond film that ended up being mostly a successful experiment.
7377	The final framework, like the proposed framework, applies broadly to "all commercial entities that collect or use consumer data that can be reasonably linked to a specific consumer, computer, or other device."
7378	The final pages include more facts about Operation Baghdad Pups, some information about the mixed breeds common to the area, a glossary, bibliography, further reading, internet links, and index.
7379	The financial information presented for the three- and nine-months ended September 30, 2008 includes "carve-out" financial information from Old Digimarc's digital watermarking business, or predecessor.
7380	The find of scrolls and 70 lead codices - tiny credit-card-sized volumes containing ancient Hebrew script talking of the Messiah and the Resurrection - has excited biblical scholars.
7381	The fingerprint reader is embedded in the power button, making for the device pretty easy to unlock.
7382	The Fire TV is no longer a small box designed to sit next to or in front of your TV (that's the Fire TV Cube's role now).
7383	The firing would also give Sen. Elizabeth Warren, the Massachusetts Democrat who founded the CFPB, and others a chance to rally sentiment against the new president.
7384	The firm, behind notable projects like the Whitney and New York Times building, has designed a dual-tower glass structure.
7385	The firm has 19 individual owners, 15 of whom are employees of the firm.
7386	The first (and my very favorite) San Francisco farmers' market with over 50 stands, including local cheeses, baked goods, mushrooms, honey, and locally produced extra-virgin olive oils.
7387	The first and the second season of had 22 episodes each, but the third season will have only 13 episodes.
7388	The first approach is to check with the authorities.
7389	The first building was a saw mill.
7390	The first is to occur in his twentieth year; the second in his twent-third year; the third in his twenty-eighth; the fourth in his twenty-ninth; the fifth in his thirtieth.
7391	The first option on the play is really for Millsap to screen for Korver and then cut to the strongside corner using the shooter’s gravity to throw off his defender, but since Cousins was already in the strongside corner he didn’t get open.
7392	The first quote of the year, a foolish notion.
7393	The first stop was at Jefferson's, where we had an early dinner with his roommate, Britney, and his good friend, Nikki.
7394	The first stretch goal is unlocked!
7395	The first task of this paper, therefore, shall be to begin at the beginning, and clarify the differing definitions or idea about pornography that are at play in recent academic debates.
7396	The first thing that comes to my mind is flexibility.
7397	The first thing we need to establish is how to generate the data which in this case is the DB version.
7398	The first thing you need to know is that ransomware isn’t new, what is new is that it’s happening everywhere, all the time.
7399	The first thing you notice about It’s Not What You Say is that it’s an attractive little book.
7400	The first three workouts I did were “Cindy”, “Fight Gone Bad” and “Murph”, and I went full tilt on all of them.
7401	The first time he started having voluminous diarrhea that lasted for 7 days despite bland diet, etc., until we treated him with Flagyl (and then it rapidly cleared), but we weren’t sure that time of the cause.
7402	The first two were RWD A and G-body cars.
7403	The Five Minute Parent.
7404	The flexible and responsive theme design enables this light-weight and powerful theme to fulfill all prerequisites to drive sales for your e-commerce store.
7405	The floor would tilt, for example, if you were walking uphill.
7406	The focus is not just on the catwalk or photoshoot, however; it is also on Twitter.
7407	The focus now is on poverty as a fixed, immutable entity.
7408	The focus will be on increasing the heart rate and maintaining a stable rhythm.
7409	The following activities are designed for parents and children to do together.
7410	The following are important tips meant to aid you throughout your recruitment journey.
7411	The following instances support SSD volumes with TRIM: C5d, F1, I2, I3, M5d, R3, R5d, and z1d.
7412	The following is a list of LSMCD commands useable in telnet, each with a brief description.
7413	The following is a summary of my thoughts and feelings about travelling to and around a small section of Colorado.
7414	The following screen appears.
7415	The former journalist was suspended without pay on 19 April after being accused of serious misconduct.
7416	The 'Fornite' porn parody 'Fortnut' is here and it's brilliant We're using cookies to improve your experience.
7417	The Fossil Hybrid Smartwatch helped with that.
7418	The four-star prospect stands at 6-2 and uses that length to engage wide receivers off the line of scrimmage and to out-jump opponents for passes.
7419	The fourth pillar may be more of the open environment that they talk about.
7420	The French painter Pierre Bonnard (1867-1947) dabbled in most of the 20th century’s major painting movements — including Cubism, Fauvism and Surrealism.
7421	“The French Red Cross had a request.
7422	The frequency of the vibrations can be measured in hertz (Hz): the number of vibrations per second.
7423	The frequency response and linearity is excellent and the acoustic design means you’ll get a fantastic audio experience in a truly wireless form factor.
7424	The FTC also noticed that you have a lot of consumer complaints piling up, you would not want us to stop ignoring those would you?
7425	The Full Bridge DC-DC Switch Mode Power Supply reference design is based on Kinetis V series MCUs and intended to provide the example of power conversion applications.
7426	The full color, large illustrations are by the author who wrote this book for young ones ages 4 to 8 years old.
7427	The function in the attached PS1 file attempts to examine the MS-DOS and PE headers of an executable file to determine whether it is a 16-bit, 32-bit or 64-bit application.
7428	The funding from that program, though, only goes to efforts to detect, control and prevent the spread of diseases like Zika that are transmitted by insects like mosquitoes or ticks.
7429	The funds stem from an Eagles-Patriots bet the Philly brewery made with Boston’s Harpoon.
7430	The future of Israel was shaped for generations to come as one of two summer aliyah flights from North America, chartered by Nefesh B’Nefesh, departed for Ben Gurion Airport.
7431	The gains go to both Salesforce and the software companies that build products on top of its platform -- its partner ecosystem.
7432	The Games with Gold titles will be available for redemption there.
7433	The game will serve as the annual homecoming contest.
7434	The gang is trapped in a video game and must slay the Red Knight.
7435	The G-days will be held in Cairo between December 8th and 10th for G-Egypt, and in Amman between December 12th and 14th for G-Jordan.
7436	“The Gentleman’s Guide to Vice and Virtue is a Grand Tour all its own.
7437	The geology of the art world is less stable than you might imagine.
7438	The German Theater and Orchestra Association has released a code of conduct that aims to prevent sexual harassment and abuses of power.
7439	The Gillette-Box of Procter & Gamble is connected to the online store via a Telekom SIM card.
7440	The global Anti-jamming market for GPS is expected to reach USD 4.80 Billion (in terms of value) and is expected to register 309.2 thousand units (in terms of volume) by 2022, at a CAGR of 7.0% and 10.1%, respectively, between 2016 and 2022.
7441	The goal is to have Emery lose 50 pounds in 50 days.
7442	The God of the universe has given you both peace and power…if you look in the right place (or to the right Person, that is).
7443	The good news, however, is that you can use an backup in iTunes in order to store your passwords for transfer to another device; since the backup is already encrypted, iTunes and iOS don’t need to encrypt the passwords inside any further.
7444	The good news is that you don’t have to build all these capabilities yourself.
7445	The gooey bits just got flushed out as I stuck my finger in and ripped out its innards.
7446	The Google Earth Outreach teams will be at the event to showcase exemplars of how technology can help protect our environment.
7447	The GOP will strengthen their hold on Congress, and finally take the White House.
7448	The government has listed a few bills for consideration and passage in both Houses.
7449	The government thus moved from stalemate to ‘business as usual’, ignoring public discontent and the need for compromise.
7450	The graphic novel experiments with structure, telling Bell’s story along with several other narratives that serve as counterpoints.
7451	The graphics on that game look great - I am amazed at how sophisticated games have become.
7452	The great tsunami that struck Japan travelled on, growing weaker, until it came to the west coast of America.
7453	The grilled fajitas are the star of the menu, though if you get the enchiladas in boom boom sauce you’ll be in for a spicy, cheesy treat.
7454	The grisette is an easy-drinking, farmhouse style originally brewed in Belgium to slake the thirst of miners.
7455	The ground is muddy, the underbrush prickly, and every move I make seems to entrap me further.
7456	The Group applies the IFRS 9 - Financial Instruments simplified approach to measuring expected credit losses.
7457	The group’s early harmony lessons, their Rastafarian beliefs, the music scene and the producers they worked with, and yes, the ganja they smoked are explained in sparse, accessible language.
7458	The group that ate the most carbs had an 80 percent higher chance of developing mild cognitive impairment—a pit stop on the way to dementia—than those who ate the smallest amount of carbs.
7459	The growing demand from the household & personal care, and pharmaceutical industries, coupled with shift in consumer lifestyles is expected to drive the global ethoxylates market.
7460	The guards are neutralized in an instant.
7461	The guidebook that accompanies the course also includes these graphics to aid those who choose the audio versions of the course.
7462	The Halos gave Joe Blanton a two-year, $15 million deal before the start of the 2013 season, after watching him give up 86 homers over the previous three years while pitching in the lower-offense environment of the National League.
7463	The harvest festival is less than a moon away, and I still do not have a new dress for it.'
7464	The HashtagHealth team found that healthy food tweets are strongly associated with positive emotions that can be shared throughout social media.
7465	The Help by Kathryn Stockett.
7466	The highlight of this release is the ability to expose sysdig’s process table through the Lua interface.
7467	The high-profile investigations by Special Counsel Robert Mueller and FBI officials into members of the Trump…
7468	The high quality of the products is guaranteed by the strong manual element that is typical in all stages of the production chain: each product is made by hand, with high-level craftsmanship techniques, to become an exclusive and recognisable item.
7469	The highs are extraordinary, yet soft and less potent than other strains that may contain more THC.
7470	The high value of medical data makes the sector a natural target for hackers looking for a big payoff.
7471	The history of the NFL is one of ebb and flow.
7472	The homeschool community reflects a cross-section of Americans; the children of truck drivers and lawyers, whites and blacks, rich and poor, Christians and unbelievers.”
7473	The hoodie is a popular piece of fashion and can easily be altered.
7474	The Hour of the Dragon: A plan to reshape the face of western Hyboria is hatched with the resurrection of an ancient sorcerer, Xaltotun of Acheron.
7475	The HTC Re Grip is the company's first wearable: a smart band aimed at runners and gym-goers.
7476	The hub can connect to your Wi-Fi router, giving you remote access to your lighting system.
7477	The hurried mind-set of urban life vanished as we kept pace with cars traveling on the freeway and rolled past backyard trampolines and clotheslines.
7478	The husbands self sacrificial love for his wife, like Christ, is a form of submission and serving by stepping down and taking on the roles of a servant for sure.
7479	The hybrid car has a better future than plug in EV.
7480	The IASB issued a Review Draft of the standard on general hedge accounting.
7481	The icon next to it depicts a lock and is used to encrypt an email using the recipient's public key.
7482	The idea is simple — automate some UI tests to ensure your application is still behaving as expected.
7483	The idea is that students can't move on to the next lesson until they fully understand the material.
7484	The ideal, Doak has pointed out, would be to have fairway approaches into greens be firmer than the putting surfaces, but across America, just the opposite had been the norm for decades.
7485	The idea of Valsight is to improve traditional controlling and financial modeling processes with methods like simulation and advanced analytics.
7486	The idea that components can be replaced in the field without breaking things has long been known as a fallacy, and it doesn’t matter if you’ve got the source or whether you’re doing inheritance, aggregation or mere creation.
7487	The idea that this is just a temporary prescription is especially unrealistic with regard to the Senate.
7488	The Illustration below taken from the Countries & Cities Served (Section III) demonstrates how to determine the transit time for Global Express Guaranteed shipments.
7489	The illustrations look like caricatures and seem to fall short of expressing the emotions of the characters they are portraying.
7490	The imaging tool that the RetroPie developers recommend differs depending on your operating system— for Linux—but the basic process is the same.
7491	The impact is radical and IT professionals will wonder in ten years how they were ever be able to build a virtual computing environment with SANs.
7492	The implication is that a linear fit to the entire record is obviously inappropriate because the residual would not be randomly distributed around the “best fit” line.
7493	The important thing to keep in mind is that identity is multifaceted.
7494	The inability to communicate with anyone, activists said, had harmful effects on the children.
7495	The inciting incident of The Legend of Korra: Turf Wars begins to emerge toward the end of these pages.
7496	The included Thunderbolt 3 cable provides a complete interface with up to 85W of charging power to a connected MacBook Pro from the primary USB-C port, and three other USB-C ports offer up to 5 Gbps transfer speeds and power to other compatible devices.
7497	The increase in gross profit was the result of the increase in our revenue during the year ended December 31, 2017.
7498	The increases relative to the prior year primarily reflect the consolidation of FOX SPORTS Australia in November 2012.
7499	The incremental backup has been around for as long as we've had the backup process.
7500	The industry needs to figure out how organizations should interact with the blockchain, he said.
7501	The initial glass caused a rush of energy, and as I continued to drink milk over the course of a week I realized that drinking a glass of milk curbed my cravings for coffee.
7502	The innovation of the Galaxy Note8’s design makes possible the 6.3-inch Infinity Display.
7503	The inside back cover is a black-and-white “Keys of Knowledge” fact page on physical therapy.
7504	The instax mini 90 is also equipped with new functions and features like macro mode and high performance flash, making this an instant camera for every photographer developed under the concept "NEO CLASSIC."
7505	The Intelligent Hybrid AF speed is twice as fast as previous models, ensuring that you capture those photographic moments more swiftly and beautifully.
7506	The interaction of particles with the skin will be discussed in future column that will also address safety aspects of nanoparticles.
7507	The Internal Revenue Service's woes did not begin or end with Lois Lerner and the agency's targeting of political opponents with punitive action.
7508	The internet is filled with people who are certain of the young woman whom Jon Snow is meant to wed someday, presumably to serve as his queen.
7509	The Internet of Things explained: What the IoT is, and where it's going next.
7510	The Intuos 3 offers touch strips for two-handed input, so in Photoshop CS2 we changed zooming to center on the mouse cursor.
7511	The IP68-rated water resistant design protected from accidental spills, splashes and even puddles, so whether you’re mountain biking in the rain or there’s an accidental beverage spill in your kitchen, you can say goodbye to water damage.
7512	The iPhone 8 uses the same 4.7-inch Retina HD Display as the iPhone 7 and has the same 1334×750 resolution, meaning it is HD ready as opposed to Full HD.
7513	Their business becomes predictable, which they and their shareholder love.
7514	Their deadline fun started at the All-Star Game, as they acquired star shortstop Manny Machado, who will serve as the greatest injury replacement of all time for Corey Seager, who is out for the season.
7515	Their dream is not to join the upper middle class, with its different culture, but to stay true to their own values in their own communities--just with more money.
7516	Their entertainment is awesome."
7517	Their fears are baseless, though, and we need to work to give facts and accurate information, not stock their anxiety.
7518	Their first single, "The Last Thing on My Mind," reached the country Top Ten early in 1968, launching a six-year streak of virtually uninterrupted Top Ten singles.
7519	Their infectious spirit turned Brooklyn Steel into a giant dance party, packed tightly with fans who could be seen jumping, waving pride flags, and belting out the lyrics to the electro-pop trio's stellar songs.
7520	The Irish poet Seamus Heaney in 1975: “The times are out of joint/But I incline as much to rosary beads/As to the jottings and analyses/Of politicians and newspapermen/Who’ve scribbled down the long campaign.”
7521	Their last time together was a joint appearance at the AWP conference in Boston this past March.
7522	Their mother, whose memory has started to fade, is unable to help them recall the talented girls they used to be.
7523	Their paper “The Spyware Used in Intimate Partner Violence”with additional co-authors Rahul Chatterjee, Periwinkle Doerfler, Hadas Orgad, Sam Havron, and Jackeline Palmerwas a contribution to the IEEE Symposium on Security and Privacy.
7524	Their slogan "We're all family here" is truly genuine.
7525	Their two daughters wear masks on their way to and from school.
7526	The is a built-in “get out of jail free” card.
7527	The is created by Brenda, an Independent Demonstrator with Stampin' Up for 5 years.
7528	The Islanders struggled to defend the Bearkats’ offensive power as they only combined for four team blocks – a shadow of SHSU’s 12.
7529	The island's largest public university also announced it would close, along with all state parks, natural reserves and El Yunque rainforest, a popular site with tourists.
7530	The is our pick for the best value in a 24-inch package.
7531	The is particularly phenomenal.
7532	The itinerary packed a tremendous variety of places and experiences into the two weeks.
7533	The itinerary was outstanding, exposing us to the less urban face of Italy.
7534	The IT security program was approved by the Senior Management of the Group and the Board of Directors; the Risk and Control Committee is responsible for implementing it.
7535	“The JAR file… is just a dropper and decrypter for the main jRAT file,” Patil said.
7536	The jet stream often "steers" surface features such as front and low pressure systems.
7537	The judges faced the daunting task of narrowing the field of 23 competitors to just two finalists—Kimberly Abrahams and Joseph LaBauve, both UL students.
7538	The Kavanaugh nomination is the opposite of populism.
7539	The key here is accessibility.
7540	The key improvement in the whole book is that Reyna gets it together to make this act of quixotic generosity and do some good.
7541	The key players in the yeast market include Associated British Foods plc (U.K.), AngelYeast Co., Ltd (China), Lesaffre Group (France), Chr.
7542	The keys for success are “a massive library and superior technology” that can create a really good user experience, Lewinson said.
7543	The key to a healthy life is prevention.
7544	The key to client satisfaction is showing them the long game marketing plan and reporting at regular intervals on how you are achieving those goals.
7545	The kids of Pancake Court are believable and fun.
7546	The kind that allowed you to be selective about the clients you took on, and the things you would or would not do.
7547	The Knights, 9-2 a year ago, beat Kinkaid 28-21 in the championship game to claim their second title in four years (2009 and 2012).
7548	The Korean hardware conglomerate is also believed to be working on for this upcoming device, along with flexible OLED displays.
7549	The lack of all that in documentary means that the surrounding communities of the medium work more holistically, collaboratively, and supportively.
7550	The ladies on the reception are a delight so pleasant smiling and helpful.
7551	The lamp is beautiful when turned on at night.
7552	The land is wide and rough, and the people have a correspondingly broad and hearty nature, the kind of culture that is born from tough lives and strong communities.
7553	The larvae are introduced to “seeding units” that mimic places on the reef where they would naturally attach.
7554	The last few chapters are excellent, throwing in a turn I suspected might be coming, but with even more twists included.
7555	The last method is pretty basic, but not everyone knows about it.
7556	The last photo on his folder was from 2015; we were dating then, and it was after the incident where he slept with someone else.
7557	The last time the Black Plague ran rampant back in the 14th century, nearly half the world’s population perished as a result.
7558	The last we heard, the script was a lot mopier than the original, and focused much more on the idea of an immortal who can never love anybody, because people always die.
7559	The latest thing I have found that has made a huge difference is Plexus Nerve.
7560	The latter, by the way, is the combination you’ll certainly want to hit as it brings 7,500 coins right away.
7561	The latter documented widespread gender-based violence in the wake of the ; the former insisted that men can just lean into not being misogynists and we’ll all be fine.
7562	The legal fight broke out in 2012 when Phillips told gay couple David Mullins and Charlie Craig that because of his Christian beliefs, his store’s policy was to deny service to customers wanting to purchase cakes to celebrate a same-sex wedding.
7563	The lemongrass adds a wonderful tang to the soup.
7564	"The lens that nobody will buy for the camera no one uses"
7565	"The level of corruption and wealth among Iranian leaders shows that Iran is run by something that resembles the mafia more than a government," he said.
7566	The library of a New York City apartment decorated by features a custom-made zebra rug by Poma & Steven.
7567	The Lich King says: You could've been my greatest champion, Fordring.
7568	The lid could lift to show the details of the party.
7569	The life cycle of a tweet is shorter than most every other post on social media (Pinterest may enjoy the longest life, for what it’s worth).
7570	The lighting is better, the draw distance is greater, and Rockstar are finally giving the vast urban sprawl of Los Santos and its surrounding forests, deserts, and mountains the fidelity they deserve.
7571	The lighting was nice and diffused and allowed me to frame up a clean image.
7572	The Lindt Café macaron's are the 'Delice Collection'
7573	The lives of a mentally ill savant, a young artist, and a serial killer converge in a powerful novel that shuttles across the U.S.-Mexico border.
7574	The living like it too.
7575	The loan functions don't consider interest.
7576	The lobby design includes what’s known as a solar threshold, mitigating changes in the light level over spatial zones.
7577	The local guides were equally entertaining and knowledgeable.
7578	The Lock screen on your iPhone is more than just a pretty place to look at your cool Live Photo wallpaper (though, that is really cool).
7579	The long-term success of any QA strategy depends on measuring change and communicating that change to the team at large, so it’s important to measure the right metrics.
7580	The Los Angeles Times: Ruth Reichl predicts that fine dining will soon make a comeback.
7581	The loss of height in the rear is very notifiable and not wanted by many others I know.
7582	The loss of my mother, health scares, and now the loss of my job a few weeks ago.
7583	The lost look in his eyes, as he realizes he is powerless to help, is one that I have seen (and likely had) more than once when a loved one has been nearing the end.
7584	The lower-dose pods could give vapers a way to start cutting the amount of nicotine they inhale without having to take fewer puffs.
7585	The low points were when one of those features just didn’t work out or had to be cut.
7586	The L Word Cast Women's T-Shirt gives you a luxe look at Carmen, Jenny, Tina, Helena, Kit, Dana, Alice, Bette and Shane.
7587	The lyrics to "Bad Luck" were written prior to the fire, but took on new meaning when she recorded the song the day after the fire.
7588	The M1 (as I will refer to the smartphone going forward) is the second smartphone in India with the Snapdragon 636 processor.
7589	The machine dispenses a chilled mini bottle of Champagne -- while taking care not to shake it up -- along with flutes to drink it from.
7590	The magical combination of protein, carbs, and grease are guaranteed to cure even the worst of hangovers.
7591	The Magician's Nephew, which I'm liking quite a lot, thanks to the comedy of Jadis flailing away in London and the stoutness of Digory's heart.
7592	The main character’s bff falls in love with a vampire and she’s baffled by the fact.
7593	The main differences between the X-T1 and X-E2 are the LCD (tilting vs fixed) and EVF (in terms of magnification), the maximum burst rate (8 vs 7 fps, now with focus tracking at full speed), a flash sync port and, of course, the design.
7594	The main issue is going to be that Sun has a lot of money, SFE has significantly less money that it can blow on a pointless law suit defending itself.
7595	The main theme is something fresh and different and that will be something exciting to watch.
7596	The majority of the consumer market has yet to fully realize the capabilities of the smart speakers already in their homes as smart home control points, preferring the speakers to play music, answer question, and schedule tasks.
7597	“The make-up of OnMedia 100 represents forward-thinking media companies in a year charged with disruptive change.
7598	The manager was suspended four games by Major League Baseball for his outburst.
7599	The mantissa occupies the 23 least significant bits of a float and the 52 least significant bits of a double.
7600	The manufacturer seems to position one of them as super caring, much healthier and better option than the other (hence the price).
7601	The market, however, is restrained to grow as the devices are not compatible with each other.
7602	The “market of amateurs” you so casually dismiss is talented, hungry, and working.
7603	The master bathroom includes a spacious shower with a built in bench and TWO shower heads, one mounted, and one hand-held!
7604	The maximum number of time wait for sockets held by the system.
7605	The maximum value addition of a product in the global flavor enhancers industry is observed in the stage of manufacturing.
7606	The mechanical properties of Tenite™ cellulosic plastics differ with plasticizer levels.
7607	The median error rate for the front-runner is 9 percentage points.
7608	The median monthly rent in Springfield is just $525, while the median monthly home payment is only $905 a month -- the lowest of any major U.S. city.
7609	The meme went viral, and the comments poured in, with the majority saying “No, we can’t be friends with a Trump supporter.”
7610	The men’s collection spans skinny, slim and relaxed slim tapered jeans, short- and long-sleeve T-shirts and a unisex six-pocket jean jacket.
7611	The mental exhaustion of running your own business doesn’t just take its toll in the office — if you’re not careful, it can also affect your personal life as well.
7612	The menu as it stands now is a tribute to my late mother-in-law, who always put on a wonderful Easter feast, in the tradition of her husband's family who are of Lebanese descent.
7613	The merchants there aren’t exploiting people.
7614	The Meridian Police Department has a “zero tolerance” policy for excessive force.
7615	The messaging they remember is always that which is most relevant to them, delivers most value and is the simplest to understand.
7616	The methadone in DOLOPHINE may cause spasm of the sphincter of Oddi.
7617	The Microsoft Skype for Business Server client has a similar interface to the free consumer-based Skype.
7618	The Microsoft Surface 3 proved that.
7619	The microwave method is quickest, but requires the most attention.
7620	The middle school fairs offer certain titles, which have been advertised in advance to students via posters and book fair brochures.
7621	The milk and the white flour pair very nicely with the chocolate chips.
7622	The million-dollar (billion-dollar?) question.
7623	The Ministry of Justice and Internal Affairs, which is leading the project, aims to ensure fast and secure identification of people in their dealings with municipal and national governmental services.
7624	The mistake I notice most often is the capitalization of species’ scientific names.
7625	The moment the camera comes on he becomes mute and starts to look everywhere but at the camera.
7626	The moon turns red during a total lunar eclipse, behind the Saentis in Luzern, Switzerland, on Friday, 27 July.
7627	"The more beta-amyloid you have in certain parts of your brain, the less deep sleep you get and, consequently, the worse your memory," said lead researcher Matthew Walker.
7628	The more gender-atypical the woman, in fact, the more likely she is to vote…
7629	“The more information we can gather, the more we can personalise the customer experience.”
7630	The more people know you, the more likely they will pass your name on to someone else.
7631	The more than a decade-old online lending platform connecting online lenders to entrepreneurs says 100 percent of every dollar people lend on Kiva goes to funding loans.
7632	The most common cause in natural hair is tight braiding and tight hair styles.
7633	The most important and most difficult aspect of preparing a GSA schedule proposal is pricing.
7634	The most important line here is where they set ICR1, which is the Input Capture Register.
7635	The most painful part of the work focuses on her decision not to delay her surgery to harvest eggs, forcing her to accept that she will never give birth to children.
7636	The most primal and basic of tools.
7637	The mother of all fast-food chains is testing out a meat-less burger.
7638	The Moto Z Play with camera Mod.
7639	The motto “Minnesota Nice” serves as both genuine praise for the genial dispositions of the people in the region and a patronizing pat on the back to those who hang around despite the frigid winters.
7640	The movie, based on Granado's and Che's diaries, directed by Walter Salles (), was produced by Robert Redford and others.
7641	The Mozambique rewards aggression and getting right in there to mow down your enemies.
7642	The museum is designed for all ages too, with a new section dedicated to the artist Pierre Culliford, who under the pen name Peyo created the Smurfs in the late 1950s.
7643	Then a big salad with whatever looks good at the farmer’s market: ideally two or three local greens, thinly sliced radishes, shaved fennel, and a sprinkling of fresh herbs from my garden.
7644	Then, allow your toenails to air dry.
7645	The name of this Business Account will be ‘AdWords (<cid>)’, where <cid> is the AdWords of the original Manager Account.
7646	The name of this weighted distributed topic.
7647	The narrative is remarkably complex and intellectual: It assumes that its viewer is smart and engaged, unlike a lot of shows on TV, and that makes it even more of a must to follow week by week, although now we have a long wait for season three.
7648	The nation in my head is inside my mouth.
7649	THE NATURAL HAVEN: How much do you really spend on hair?
7650	The NetApp product pairs a SolidFire scale-out storage system with ESXi servers in the same physical chassis.
7651	The net current return of total investments in the Property&Casualty segment was stable at 3% compared to 31 December 2016, with related incomes decreasing to € 1,168 million (€ 1,217 million at 31 December 2016).
7652	The Neuro Centre at Asklepios Klinik Altona is among the leading specialist care facilities in Germany for patients suffering from vascular diseases, tumours, as well as inflammation of the brain and the spinal cord.
7653	The new board is includes deregulatory fanatics, fossil fuel industry scientists, and even a guy who denies smog is a risk for public health.
7654	The new capabilities are available only in the U.S., as extensions to QuickBooks Payroll and QuickBooks Full Service Payroll customers, Intuit said.
7655	“The new funding will allow Light to expand the reach of its imaging platform beyond consumer photography and into security, robotic, automotive, aerial and industrial imaging applications,”
7656	The new-home sales data are inherently volatile from one month to the next, and the initial estimate for any given month is prone to sizable revision.
7657	The new Kindle Fire is expected to have a bigger diagonal display of 8.9 inches, bringing it closer in size to Apple Inc's iPad.
7658	The new KSRO food lineup includes (from left) Steve Garner, chef John Ash, Marcy Smothers, and Clark Wolf.
7659	The newly elected bishop of the African Methodist Episcopal Church is following in the footsteps of his late grandfather and father, making it the first time in the denomination’s history to have three generations elected as bishop.
7660	The new models create opportunities to be more creative, to focus on what they are good at, which is creating valuable content.
7661	The new Multi AF automatically selects up to nine focus areas for accurate focusing across the frame and the ability to detect human faces enhances AF accuracy even further.
7662	The new practice's first offering, a Cyber Security Program Development service, will transform organizations' security programs to be more relevant, actionable, and sustainable through threat-focused program assessment and development services.
7663	The news, as filtered through Twitter or Nuzzel or LinkedIn, comes in incremental microbursts, so instead of looking at aggregate events over time, we react to each bit of micro-news as if it is the worst thing that has ever happened.
7664	The new, smaller MiniPlayer includes album art, adds Up Next, and makes searching easier.
7665	The News & Observer reports the case ended Monday, months after Ciaran McKenna won a permanent injunction preventing Duke from punishing him with a six-semester suspension.
7666	The newspaper's first publisher was the late Patrick J. McGovern, who was the founder and chairman of International Data Group (IDG), Computerworld's parent company.
7667	The new Spartan Browser, that’s set to replace Internet Explorer, was probably the event’s worst kept secret.
7668	The new Squarespace 6 is available today starting at $8 per month with 24/7 support and a free custom domain.
7669	The New Voices of Fantasy captures some of the fastest-rising talents of the.
7670	The New York Fed’s nowcast is at 2.9%, a respectable value that’s actually more favorable.
7671	The next breakfast icon in China: cereal?
7672	The next debut thriller is by Erica Ferencik.
7673	The next morning we got up early to watch the monks collect their alms.
7674	The next problem is how he argues everything.
7675	The next time you are getting psyched up before a big speech or meeting, tell yourself "You can do it," not "I can do it."
7676	The next wave of the digital revolution has the potential to democratize access to justice, Kleros co-founder Federico Ast writes.
7677	The next writer to take a close look at the Trump presidency: Bob Woodward.
7678	Then he focused on expanding Fiat's product line, investing 10 billion euros to develop 20 new models in four years.
7679	Then I get into the office and help my team sort out which trending, timely stories they should prioritize first.
7680	The Night Gardener, by Jonathan Auxier -- deliciou.
7681	“The nighttime is a parallel to the fog.
7682	Then I got assigned to a bungalow and got to meet my roommate.
7683	Then, in the film’s next sequence, we see the Jupiter astronauts serving themselves trays of grossly colorful food-mush as part of their daily routine.
7684	Then I say to myself, well, this is the nightmare of the labyrinth.
7685	The Nissan Kicks line is easy to understand: two trim lines with no options packages other than paint, plus a third, range-topping, trim line with an optional premium package.
7686	Then it became every spare moment of every weekend.
7687	Then it goes onto lay out what I will call the “WikiLeaks exception.”
7688	Then James' sister Enid is bombed out of her home in London and comes to stay with Rose.
7689	Then lift, push and pull the pigment to refine the shape, using colored pencils and pens to define your subject.
7690	Then maybe somewhere else in Africa.
7691	Then my brother, Nick, who is my business partner, he was a lawyer at the time, and liked it but didn’t love it.
7692	The non-Avengers Marvel movies have been leaning that way ever since faded to the rear-view mirror, but with Ant-Man and The Wasp taking place in San Francisco, not in space or Wakanda or Kamar-Taj, the separation is all the more noticeable.
7693	The notification body is a large image or video with limited text.
7694	The novel is seen through the eyes of Raman as he falls for the independent and modern Daisy whose life mission is to introduce birth control into the rural areas of India in order to curb population growth.
7695	The novel tells the story of the rise and fall of the mythical town of Macondo through the history of the Buendi a family.
7696	Then return to the lodge to relax at the patio bar and pool, visit the spa, or walk the grounds enjoying the local wildlife.
7697	Then save each section individually.
7698	Then score; criss-cross right down almost to the skin and holding the slice cut side up, with both hands, push the 'belly' underneath with the fingers gently but firmly and the hedgehog shape will come up.
7699	Then set the parameter or environment variable to the required value.
7700	Then, she opened up her large locket, placed the tiny box within the locket, and set the rest of the paper boxes to the side.
7701	Then she said "Do you have your cell?
7702	Then she started talking about Jesus going among the lepers.
7703	Then she suddenly squatted and pointed her finger in the grass.
7704	Then she turned to her brother.
7705	Then take it out of the refrigerator and enjoy it on its own or drizzle it with a bit of lemon juice first.
7706	Then tear away the parchment (well, you don’t have to tear it away–pulling it away is fine) and behold your creation.
7707	Then terror real terror exploded over her, the world gone red.
7708	Then there is an exam which takes place during two three-hour sessions on a single day.
7709	Then there's what Nyhan calls "the structural factors."
7710	Then they'd steer me down crowded aisles, excitedly pulling books off the shelves for me to look at as we went along.
7711	Then they have sex.
7712	Then they would hustle for more work.
7713	Then, type the name or email address for who you want to share with and add a message.
7714	The number of times Node Manager can attempt to restart the server.
7715	“The number one driver of successful teamwork is psychological safety,” said Borysenko.
7716	The numbers highlight some of the barriers for minorities, said Mark Mather, a demographer for the Population Reference Bureau.
7717	The numbers look a lot different when you switch from cable to DSL and fiber providers.
7718	The NVIDIA Foundation is now accepting proposals for its annual Compute the Cure Cancer Research grant program, which supports researchers using innovative computing methods to advance the fight against cancer.
7719	Then, walk your dog in the evening.
7720	Then we have Romans 8:14 – “because those who are led by the Spirit of God are sons of God.”
7721	Then we’ll talk about sugar, which is what yeast eats—and, I’ll argue, the most important molecule in the universe.
7722	Then, we married, moved overseas, had children - and the manuscript came with me.
7723	Then when they’ve complete batch, then the next bot will automatically come out and follow them, and the one that’s completed will go to the packing station.
7724	Then why have semen on your face?
7725	Then you can enter any tax credits for which you’re eligible.
7726	Then you can right click on it, select “Set next statement” and by setting a register to 0 you may be able to create the right exception that way.
7727	Then you need to setup the default webroot.
7728	Then you will be happy in spite of fortune, and good in spite of your passions.
7729	The NYT's isn't going anywhere.
7730	The objective of the research study is to provide detailed segmentation of the physical security market based on type, vertical, and region.
7731	The official Cowdrey is the longest piece in the issue.
7732	The official trailer for has been viewed by far the most out of the entire Spider-Man franchise.
7733	The oil fields his forces have retaken, mainly in the western Euphrates River Valley, are old and dilapidated—and even more so now, after the grinding war of attrition against ISIS that allowed their recapture.
7734	‘The older parts of the university are all built of the same plain light brown brick rising in columns, with long windows between them, and simple flat roofs.’
7735	The oldest here in Mariposa is the Grizzly Giant.
7736	The one boy around who rates anywhere near acceptable on the Maximum Man Scale only has eyes for my cousin, Natalie, who only has eyes for Jesus.
7737	The one person who didn't order these got the halibut, and pronounced it "perfectly cooked and seasoned".
7738	The one thing that came across, though, is good news for Big Top fans: Big Top’s owners have every intention of staying in the neighborhood.
7739	The one with the rhyming graffiti on it.
7740	Theo Nicolakis / IDGThe Clear's case fits the headphones perfectly, with ample room for any of the included cable accessories to come along for the ride.
7741	The only change she has made is for the worst!
7742	The only fantasy episode is the one set in Transylvania.
7743	The only free online host for LDAP I've found is freeldap.org. Hopefully there are others out there.
7744	The only humans in taxis, Uber, and Lyft will be passengers.
7745	The only problem was that they had just gotten there a little too soon; thus they ended up creating Jenny in the first place - "Paradox, an endless paradox" the Doctor quips.
7746	The only restaurant in the city to legitimately rate as mythic has been perched out over the vertiginous eastern edge of Queen Anne Hill since 1950.
7747	The only thing keeping this from being outstanding was it was a bit rushed.
7748	The only thing that keeps going out of stock is Coffee Lake.
7749	The only time sex is not sinful, according to the Catholic church, is when the intention or the possibility of conceiving are present.
7750	The only time she feels real is when she's riding the mountain, anonymous in her snowboarding gear.
7751	The on-stage chemistry between Kaif and Khan in ‘Dil diyan gallan’ (Tiger) was among the highlights of the show.
7752	The opening party was very jolly, with free food, wine and music, but the evening fog and howling winds quickly drove me away.
7753	The operating system needs the CPU back to dispatch work on one of the SMT threads of the donated CPU.
7754	The opinion of Lazard Freres is directed only to the fairness of the Per Share Amount and the Merger Consideration from a financial point of view to the Public Stockholders and does not address any other aspects of the Transactions.
7755	The opposition Korea Liberty Party accused the Moon administration of “abuse of power and an act of treason” by re-routing the motorcade to shield it from protesters.
7756	The orange jumpsuits the performing members of Brockhampton wore to Tyler, the Creator's Camp Flog Gnaw music festival are tangled up on the floor with takeout containers, boxes of fabric softener, tubes of tennis balls, and a rock glass full of pennies.
7757	The order in which a clause returns rows is nondeterministic.
7758	The original Gaperon was considered to be a low fat cheese, because it was traditionally made with the whey leftover from butter making (buttermilk) which is naturally low in fat.
7759	The original print version of this article was headlined "Tour de Force"
7760	The origin of the holiday is unknown, but that’s not important.
7761	The Oscar-nominated Australian actor, best known for his role as a stoic, closeted cowboy in the 2005 film "Brokeback Mountain," was 28. Watch why Ledger's death probably was ruled accidental »
7762	The ossuary and the inscription were given to the Israel Museum, where they are still displayed today, and the bones, following pressure from ultra-orthodox Jews were reburied in the same spot they were found.
7763	The other animals are adorable too – These softies would be perfect in stockings hung by the fire.
7764	The other hallmark feature of the iPhone X is its new 5.8-in.
7765	The other sentences remain as it is.
7766	The other two we frequented were the Pond St one (which is now the closest one to me) and the James St. one.
7767	The other was state Rep. Erin Murphy.
7768	The other way to accelerate access of IaaS environments is via a gateway that's placed on the customer's premises.
7769	The overall CX would succeed or fail based on that single interaction, which is a lot of pressure, not just for the agent, but for the entire company.
7770	The owners began a massive renovation project in the late 1990s, restoring marble floors and giving the entire hotel a neo-deco look, right down to the art and bedding in the individual rooms.
7771	The Oxford English dictionary refines that to "the permanent ending of vital processes in a cell or tissue."
7772	"The pace of environmental change appears to be increasing, but at the same time we benefit from improved satellite imagery and other technology that help us identify and add these changes to our maps."
7773	The pain in my left temple is as sharp as the craggy teeth still left in my mouth.
7774	The pain they are in must be unbearable.
7775	The palms and cool mud-brick castles of Tamegroute, Zagora, Timidarte and Agdz must once have seemed like mirages after two months in the Sahara.
7776	The panel also shows the list of matching elements.
7777	The par-4 10th, now slightly longer at 415 yards, was the hardest hole in the final round of the 2004 open, when the field averaged 5.03 strokes.
7778	The passage I chose to focus on was our weekend trip to Florence, Italy -- the arrival, the hotel, and going to dinner.
7779	The Passion of the Christ, particularily during the whipping.
7780	The past few days have been spent outdoors planting flowers.
7781	The past plays a large part in Blessed Are Those Who Mourn.
7782	The Pearl launched at the European Business Aviation Conference and Exhibition in Geneva in May, alongside the unveiling of the new Bombardier Global 5500/6500.
7783	The percentage of subjects with suicidal ideation and/or behavior was similar between the varenicline and placebo groups during treatment (6% and 8%, respectively) and the nontreatment follow-up (6% and 6%, respectively).
7784	The Perfectionists, a spinoff of the popular Freeform thriller based on the Sara Shepard novel of the same name, is set to debut next year.
7785	The period of performance will consist of an 18-month base period for the procurement of the PCDL systems and four one-year options for production and engineering services.
7786	The Phison E12 uses far less energy on The Destroyer than the previous-generation E7-based Patriot Hellfire, and is a bit more efficient than the slower but lower-power E8-based Kingston A1000.
7787	The phrase "it takes a village" was never more appropriate than when talking about lung cancer.
7788	The phrase, "Snug as a bug in a rug," comes to life adorably with this cute little cuddle bug.
7789	The physical USB security keys act as a beefed-up alternative to traditional two-factor authentication.
7790	The picture above is positive proof of the outcome.
7791	The Pilgrim's Progress in Modern.
7792	The place takes on the vibe of a secret lounge.
7793	The plain batter is good to go.
7794	The plane was en route from Paris to Cairo.
7795	The plans are already undeniably in motion.
7796	The plans build on IBM and SoftBank Corp.’s landmark collaboration to advance Watson in Japan.
7797	The plant (Catha edulis) contains two alkaloids, cathinone and cathine, which act as stimulants.
7798	The platform has the potential to push ahead China's sport development by enriching measurement and data availability, so as to help brands get a clearer picture of the habits of Chinese sport consumers and how people respond to sponsors in sport.
7799	The platform says it's to comply with China's new and stricter cybersecurity regulations.
7800	The plot will see Sonic and myriad friends racing to fight “an old foe” (take a guess as to whom) while participating in an actual race.
7801	The plugin’s Mailchimp integration and contact form will help you build your contact base.
7802	"The point is also to open the possibility of a strange, messy route and draw unexpected connection--literally and figuratively--between bookstores.
7803	The points appear in the card member’s point bank within 24 hours.
7804	The pope is dead, and one must lead.
7805	The portal geometry describes to the renderer where light can enter the enclosed scene, so that the sampling algorithm can concentrate on the parts of the environment that actually contribute lighting to a pixel.
7806	The possibility of working with Kahlo’s wardrobe was inspiring.
7807	The Post has two finalists in the Human Interest Storytelling category, two in the Investigative Reporting category and one in the Multimedia Journalism category.
7808	The potential is huge, but the downside could be devastating.
7809	The potential male partner is going to go back to being unemployed or having low wages in a couple of years.
7810	The powdered sugar/milk version was adapted from a recipe I found in a cookbook by a pastry chef from a San Francisco restaurant (forget which one off hand - it was a long time ago).
7811	The Power of your Data Achieved:.
7812	The Pozner-De La Rosa family’s lawyers in their lawsuit against Jones recounted their history with the Infowars host in court filings.
7813	The precocious Flavia de Luce must solve a murder that took place while the entire village gathered to see a movie starring the famed Phyllis Wyvern being filmed at the de Luces’ decaying English estate.
7814	The President made it clear today.
7815	THE PRESIDENT: No doubt.
7816	The president seems to admire the man responsible for Russia’s political warfare campaign against his own country, which is, well … odd, to say the least.
7817	"The president's plan assumes an endless expansion of government, with rising costs and, of course, with the spread of Obamacare," Romney says.
7818	The press conference was outside the Rensselaer County Sheriff's Office.
7819	The press line turned into a mosh pit, toppling the velvet ropes as celebs and members of the fashion press reportedly tussled with fans seeking to push their way into the show.
7820	The primary endpoint for all the trials was the change in ADAS-cog scores plus the change in either ADCS-GCIC or ADCS-ADL scores, and the 24-week studies totaled some 2,500 patients from around the world.
7821	The primary philosophy of the Renaissance was humanism, which favored the capacity of man to reason and think for himself.
7822	The PRIME White Paper is strategic to the project's stakeholders, and is expected to influence the world-wide discussion on privacy and identity management.
7823	The prints highlight Murakami’s Superflat aesthetic, a style he pioneered taking cues from the flatness of traditional Edo-period woodblock prints and drawing on the socio-political climate of post-war Japan.
7824	The prix-fixe doesn't need to be segragated.
7825	The problem here is that Trump immediately jumps to this “inner city” diagnosis anytime he is asked questions about race.
7826	The problem is it doesn’t taste much like maple, and the buttery flavor is strong and fake.
7827	The problem is that as I’ve explained, that doesn’t lead to a sort of channeling of the savings back to the institutions that have paid the APCs.
7828	The problem still lies in whether it’s the government’s duty to police children’s social media use.
7829	The problem with going to just any school is that Japan allows almost anyone to come to Japan as long as they study Japanese.
7830	The Processor shall not rectify or erase data or restrict the processing of data covered by this agreement unless instructed to do so by the Controller.
7831	The product classification system operates so that the industrial coverage is progressively narrower with the successive addition of digits.
7832	The products are available via steelmclean.com.
7833	The progress message is shown along with the progress bar if the progress bar is either non-blocking or blocking (see above).
7834	The project’s guiding lights are two women who are devoted to the dignity of the people they call “guests.”
7835	The project, supported by Visit England, will help raise money for the National Literacy Trust.
7836	The proprietor (owner?) is as pleasant as can be and the place shines with care and cheer.
7837	The prose is alive and ringing.
7838	The protagonist was a woman detective and she was on the trail of a serial killer and I remember the book being very sexy.
7839	The public should be wary of this scienceploitation.
7840	The publishers need to get with the program and accept and adapt to these changes, because these changes are not going to be undone.
7841	The Puppet orchestrator command-line tool makes it simple to update these configurations in the appropriate order, no matter how many nodes you’re configuring.
7842	The puzzles can get challenging, and there is some pixel hunting that benefits from a tablet-size screen.
7843	The query must we answer is something like: Who turn on the deviceWhat happened to this device in time-line?
7844	The question is: Should they pay again?
7845	The rabbit shows kids about the value of going after what you want and is the epitome of dreams coming true, warming everyone's hearts.
7846	THE RAMBLE: Art lovers flock to this celebration of creativity and community in the Old North End, which features the ONE World Market and evening music.
7847	Therapist recounts abuse, survival in ‘The Only Girl in the World’
7848	The rap mogul then gave stakes in the firm to 19 prominent artists and made promises of millions in marketing.
7849	The realities of retail affect everyone.
7850	The real problem is: would you really want to develop an app using HTML5?
7851	The real question, though, is whether any of this will be a game changer in an actual war.
7852	“The real turning point in any real-estate deal is the buyers’ removal of their contingencies,” says Zachary D. Schorr, a real-estate attorney in Los Angeles.
7853	There appears to be an even greater divergence on the specific factors governing the various types of “local” businesses, and it would be worth exploring these in greater detail.
7854	There are 15 calling points on the 19 km route.
7855	There are 36 packages, or 144 dies on this DIMM.
7856	There are a bazillion owner-run restaurants -- all offering gift certificates.
7857	There are a lot of other ways to brag modestly.
7858	There are a lot of people who try to access your devices and disturb them in various ways and that is why Gemalto has a high level of security available for devices.
7859	There are also a couple of joins to custom tables created by the software subscriptions plugin.
7860	There are also times where your character’s move speed fluctuates.
7861	There are always other distractions, principles, and priorities that prevent us from doing our best work.
7862	… there are a ton of excellent needs and reasons to use BuddyPress to take your site and turn it into the community it is begging to become.
7863	There are a ton of great examples out there of women in programming and women in science, math, and technology, but what are some of your favorite role models, and what are the places that we can go to learn more about these role models?
7864	There are certain books I love to reread too – and that list has changed over the years.
7865	There are, in his mind, no limits, no consequences.
7866	There are just three basic stitches involved; a chain stitch, a fill stitch and a French knot.
7867	There are lots of benefits for us moving toward Ubuntu.
7868	There are lots of hot guys on Tinder, but it’s also got its share of dudes who need to get a clue when it comes to how to take a proper profile picture.
7869	There are lots of purebreds and great dogs at shelters- check it out.
7870	There are no loose ends.
7871	There are no preservatives, no microwaves, and no can openers to deal with.
7872	There are of course some things I still need to share and I will do so when more comfortable with the community, but just being able to share was already a great boost for me.
7873	There are only books, and there are readers for those books, and we do a grave disservice to children if we make assumptions about what they will or won’t like based on their gender, or worse, shame them for their interest and enjoyment.
7874	There are other areas that were of importance as well.
7875	There are people right now all over who are just a step away from actually getting started on the next great thing.
7876	There are plenty of jokes for adults as well, so repeated readings won't bore parents.
7877	There are several other movies I am anxious still to see before the year is out.
7878	There are so many days I wish I had the tools to just create something simple yet awesome in a single swipe.
7879	There are so many things that need rethinking and correction in the evangelical province of the Church that tower above these perennial concerns.
7880	There are some beautiful espresso machines run by people who don’t know what they’re doing, and the coffee itself was pretty grim.
7881	“There are some group that are less active, but my methodology does not allow me to comment on this with solid numbers,” Kafeine said.
7882	There are some real gems out there.
7883	There are some steps you can take to avoid the pain and discomfort a UTI can present.
7884	There are two main methods for configuring PE: by using the PE console or by adding a key to Hiera (this latter approach is sometimes referred to as a Hiera override).
7885	There are two ways to guard against such an outcome.
7886	There are ups and downs to both formats.
7887	There are winged creatures in these stories, and there is odd magic as well, but these serve as elementals of emotion, making apparent the inner lives of humans.
7888	The reason that we are able to get into all this subjects isn't because of me.
7889	The reboots seem to be somewhat random, with some users reporting it occurring whilst listening to music or playing games, whilst other users have noticed that their device has rebooted whilst idle.
7890	The rebrand encompasses the full impact of.
7891	The recipient of a Whiting Writers’ Award, he lives in Brooklyn, New York.
7892	The recommended it to “musical sadists.”
7893	The recording image sizes and formats supported by the device.
7894	There could be the compromise.
7895	The recycling and sustainability of materials has also become a crucial element in the type of packaging materials used in the beauty space, which he also went into detail about, while providing a number of examples for applications.
7896	The red oil vegetable looks like a type of rapeseed, what canola oil is made from.
7897	The Reds, of course, did make a trade Monday, sending outfielder Adam Duvall to Atlanta for outfielder Preston Tucker plus pitchers Matt Wisler and Lucas Sims.
7898	The redundancy of the drum language phrases compensates for the loss of the information in vowels and consonants.
7899	Therefore, when I try to explain why Pilate or certain Jewish leaders believed that Jesus should die, I’ll have to extrapolate from secondary evidence.
7900	There has been an increase of 12.10 per cent -- from Rs 6,908 crore in 2017-18 to Rs 7,750 crore in 2018-19 -- in Budget 2018 allocation for the ministry.
7901	There have been cases of severe allergic reactions in patients undergoing Tysabri, some requiring treatment (even hospitalization).
7902	There have been rumblings that Shady Records has been interested in the Chicago rapper for some time now, but if that's true, he wasn't ready to give up the details.
7903	There is a certain scene in TLJ where people ask: “well, why didn’t anyone do that before?”
7904	There is a limitation, though, as to how many icons you can dock at the bottom of the screen without using special apps.
7905	There is a limit to how much time I can spend writing and/or revising and it's in the 3-4 hour range.
7906	There is also a concern expressed by many holistic practitioners about the safety of glandular supplements from animals.
7907	There is a MASSIVE amount of ship frames in the abyss.
7908	There is a part of Wayne that believes Aaron didn’t intend to hurt anybody but himself that day—that he was a depressed kid with no way out who wanted to get caught.
7909	There is a vast difference between the type of PHP you can write between these versions, which affects how you write code and can have an effect on the user experience of your plugin.
7910	There is a wide misconception that the Great Wall was built under the order of Emperor Qin Shi Huang (259 - 210BC), but it is not true.
7911	There is however a more sophisticated argument regarding the economic causes of the Arab revolts is all about modernization and social transformation.
7912	There is no catch.
7913	There is no known fix as of yet but here is a reddit page full of people with this problem.
7914	There is no space on our list.
7915	There isn’t one formal hierarchy; there are many informal ones.
7916	There is, of course, a pair of cameras, and although I still think photography on a tablet is a silly idea, at least the 8-megapixel rear-facing camera doesn’t entirely suck.
7917	There is one Dr. Santosh Jalukar who claims to have fantastic results from this ancient remedy.
7918	There is perhaps no better-known account of American pioneer life than the Little House series of children’s books by Laura Ingalls Wilder, which was subsequently adapted for the stage and big screen.
7919	There is so much about this book to love that I need to make a list!
7920	There is so much data (both scriptural and scientific) to consider.
7921	There is so much going on with this story line.
7922	There is too much cynicism here to allow room for heroism.
7923	The remainder pituitary function tests (TSH, FT4, Prolactin, GH, IGF-1, LH, FSH, cortisol and ACTH) were normal.
7924	There may be variety of options, but not too many really beats Online surveys in flexibility or intellectual satisfaction.
7925	The ‘Remove Files From Server’ option can greatly reduce the disk usage on your server by deleting local Media Library files as they’re offloaded to S3.
7926	The report also considers what hurdles are still in the way of achieving truly dynamic, multiservice, virtualized multi-vendor networks supported seamlessly with dynamic, automated bandwidth on demand.
7927	The reported that two titles per season will be released, beginning in September with by U.S. author Johanna Johnston, illustrated by Leonard Weisgard.
7928	The Republican-controlled legislature is hoping this week to send Gov. Wolf a long-fought bill to overhaul retirement benefits in Pennsylvania's two debt-riddled public pension plans.
7929	The republicans don't need their own version of the articulate Negro anymore, because the one they feared so much is getting his ass handed to him in the polls.
7930	The Republican tax overhaul that Trump signed last year could have singled out Amazon for harsh treatment, but the company still qualifies for every corporate tax break.
7931	There’s a 3,000mAh battery powering the Galaxy S9, a rear fingerprint reader that’s now below the rear 12MP camera, and an Intelligent Scan feature that combines iris scanning and face unlocking tech for better security.
7932	There’s a demanding that Netflix pull the show before it drops.
7933	There’s a limit of one benefit package per stateroom and a three-stateroom limit per cardmember per sailing.
7934	There’s also a food market with various stalls peddling their innovative fare, with dishes often rooted in Tatar cuisine.
7935	There’s also landscaped buffer designed around the perimeter designed by SCAPE Landscape Architecture, led by Kate Orff, director of the Urban Design Program at Columbia’s architecture school.
7936	There's a menu and daily specials on a blackboard.
7937	There’s a wide array of options for secure messaging apps, email services and browsers that help you do-it-yourself.
7938	There's bound to be some drama between you and your best friend before you call it quits.
7939	There's danger, adventure and of course a dog who is so very special.
7940	The research also compelled me to help save the rainforests, where plants vital to healing are even now being destroyed.
7941	The researcher community involved with the company began as an extension of Kuhr and co-founder Jay Kaplan’s personal network of contacts.
7942	The researchers wondered whether a similar relationship might exist in people with sleep apnea, in whom throat muscles collapse during sleep, choking off the airway and causing gasping and snoring as the body fights for air.
7943	The research found that consumers are primarily using mobile for their daily needs: 96% said they use their phone, 73% said they use their desktop, and only 33% said they use their tablet.
7944	There she began work on her first novel, Daughter of the Bright Moon.
7945	There, she said the reason she used a “fake” name on Facebook was because too many others had claimed her real name and created fake Lindsay Lohan profiles with it.
7946	There should be a moment of wonder and delight when a consumer receives their Andie in a beautiful box.
7947	There’s never a ‘good reason’ to ghost someone.
7948	There's no "CDN" involved as most people understand the term. And "recursor?"
7949	There's no difference for Apple Pencil this time around and, if there's any to the Smart Keyboard, I can't feel it.
7950	“There’s no living with a killing.
7951	There's no need to delay every call to value, and doing that, would partially ruin the behavior for the rest.
7952	There’s no point in comparing father to son, as in the end they have as many differences as they have similarities.
7953	There's no reason to not be able to learn about whatever topic that you want to learn about in data science or statistics.
7954	There’s no such thing as a “good despot.”
7955	There's opportunity but we need to make sure we are a preferred export and importer for Europe.
7956	The resourceful folks behind definitely tapped into their inner Jawa when they rummaged through the storage closet, pulling up all sorts of used odds-and-ends that gave sharp-eyed audiences a sense of déjà vu.
7957	There’s room for creativity.
7958	There’s such a physical longing and connection.
7959	The restaurant's version was cakier, and they were really good with a combo of maple syrup and lemon curd.
7960	There’s thermal loss too.
7961	The rest of the review was fine.
7962	The rest were able to cross back into Mexico and escape detention.
7963	The resulting aspic can be cut into cubes for garnish, or re-melted to be poured over a dish to seal or protect it as part of a buffet presentation.
7964	The result is a structured and modular approach called a cyber resiliency system.
7965	The results of a clinical trial led by the University of Michigan Kellogg Eye Center offers hope for those with moderate-to-severe active TED.
7966	The result was a perfect texture, but there was some funny, acidic sour taste that turned me off, and I never got around to more experimenting.
7967	There's widespread belief that the debate is around carrots vs. sticks or if it's carrots or sticks, what kind of carrots or sticks.
7968	There’s your drama—the car might not be built around 0 to 60 times (Honda won’t even make an official claim on that) but it really feels alive when you link a couple turns together.
7969	There used to be an ice cream parlour I used to walk past every day, it closed down recently probably due to lack of business.
7970	There was nothing particularly extraordinary about me.
7971	There wasn't a break-in period for my face with I've had with other products.
7972	There was one tiny problem.
7973	There was only one reason he would get fired.
7974	There was some character quirks that I felt lost with at first because I was not familiar with the characters.
7975	There was Tugboat, an obese and blind elderly pug — she was shaped like a loaf of bread and had to be carried down the stairs, and "preferred to only be carried upright."
7976	There was unanimous concern that a fork would create too much disruption in the market, risk in the eyes of Node.js users, and fracturing within the community.
7977	There were all kinds of movies and books valorizing and romanticizing violent revolution and plenty of underground newspapers with a wide circulation.
7978	There were all the times when we thought he was really "potty trained" so we decided to leave him in underwear and then he wet himself while sitting on his primary teacher's lap.
7979	There were many Donald Halls.
7980	There were no places for developers to come together except for forums, and even with forums it was really hard to share code.
7981	There were some things i didn’t know anymore, some details that i forgot, so it might have been better to read the first one a second time first.
7982	There were still a few graffitti-covered statues, broken park benches, and abandoned buildings, but I couldn't imagine anyone willingly spending time there."
7983	There were three of them.
7984	There were times I didn't get it.
7985	There will be continuing book reviews, and other book news, so keep coming back!
7986	There will be live TV appearances and interviews with members selected at random and other fun stuff.
7987	There will be no time for Scrabble or book club or poker or hockey.
7988	There will be over 180 people speaking in 76 sessions on one stage.
7989	The right wants Catherine Engelbrecht to be this year's Ollie North: culprit as victim.
7990	The roads are extremely nice and local transport by means of buses and auto rickshaws are readily available.
7991	The Robbery of the First National Bank of Toledo.
7992	The Roll of Honor lists the 28,000 American servicemen based in Britain who gave their lives.
7993	The romance is hot enough to take the chill off the coldest of nights and the suspense will definitely conquer the winter blahs."
7994	The rose jasmine tea was divine too.
7995	The rosemary and lavender was particularly pungent.
7996	The Rose of Raby proved to be fiction, but at least easier to hold than Tanner's Constitutional History of England.
7997	The Royalty Competition will take place at 6 p.m. Saturday, April 21, at Mission High School's auditorium, 3750 18th Street in San Francisco.
7998	The Rude Pundit wouldn't back down, telling the caller that his church was bigoted against gays and lesbians.
7999	The rumors were that the price would be dropped by $50 US, but the iPad retained the same $329 US price as the previous model.
8000	The sad assassination of President Lincoln made it amply clear that the fanatics were strongly opposed to a progressive policy.
8001	The salads cost £3.50 per jar.
8002	The Sanitation Department is evidently quite unsanitary.
8003	The Sarcoptes scabiei mite causes scabies in humans.
8004	The SBA 8(a) Business Development Program helps minority-led organizations win contracts in the public sector.
8005	The scariest part was the monster’s ‘watery eyes’, and his black lips and extremely white teeth.
8006	The ScreenCapture sample demonstrates how to use the API to capture device screen in real time and show it on a SurfaceView.
8007	These 12 explanations are just of the possible origins.
8008	These 19th century Gibson girls almost made it onto the June map but in the end kids with red balloons made the cut.
8009	The seal would contain an emblem identifying the sender and should the recipient receive the envelope with the wax still intact then in theory they could be confident that the message hadn’t been read or tampered with by anyone along the its journey.
8010	These are called – and while it is rare for humans to see something on such a scale they are part of the normal cycle of glacial ice in Antarctica.
8011	These are crucial features in an industry where product lifespan can last 40, 50 or even 100 years.
8012	"These are multipliers that can really make a difference in everybody's environment if you apply them well.
8013	These are people who have an interest in you and your work and want to see you do well.
8014	These are raw, bone-scraping emptions we try to instill in our characters (or inflict them with) and even explore in our own psyches as we write.
8015	These are some great choices to check into.
8016	These are so popular in London right now.
8017	These are the beginning steps for exploring.
8018	These Are The Best and Worst Times To Drive Over July FourthMaximize your travel.
8019	These are the classiest little meringue pies I've ever seen!
8020	These are the phenomena that Ann accurately described in her story.
8021	The seasonal shops that lined Main Street were getting their annual sprucing up.
8022	The seating chart is everything.
8023	These burgers are much more difficult to make than it may appear, and the one at Matt’s Bar is absolute perfection.
8024	These can act as both decorations and party favors.
8025	These changes are available starting today.
8026	These cigarettes have been designed by manufacturers to self-extinguish if they’re not being smoked (as a hand-rolled cigarette would).
8027	"These collaborations are important and we'll actively look for more ways to augment the critical work of these organizations and keep service members and civilians safe."
8028	These communicate on multiple platforms including print, screen, form and environment.
8029	The second floor used to hold contemporary ready-to-wear and Saks’s wellness pop-up, the Wellery.
8030	The second non-intuitive issue with working with class loaders is the inability to cast an object that was created from a loaded class into its original class.
8031	The second season will bow Oct. 16 at 10 PM ET/PT.
8032	The second vulnerability is the memory corruption flaw in the Microsoft Equation Editor -- CVE-2017-11882.
8033	These conversations will be very different from the ones your staff has with other IT people, which are often very product-specific.
8034	These cookies may also be used to anonymously measure the effectiveness of PPC (pay per click) and affiliate advertising.
8035	These cosmic downloads are definitely worth exploring.
8036	The Secret Life of Bees is a phenomenon with teen readers, especially girls.
8037	These days I don't tend to do very much commission work for magazines, but every so often I get asked and if the idea fits with me at the time then I do enjoy the challenge.
8038	These days, South Korea is at least as important to action cinema as Hong Kong.
8039	These different aspects will be treated in future works with the help of this new appliance.
8040	These donuts are my absolute favourite!
8041	These dudes doubting and disparaging his toughness are like an alligator talking shit on a T. Rex’s arms.
8042	These floats are well worth the weekend trip!
8043	These high-maintenance vegetables require a double dose of prep—the beans are first shucked from their fuzzy pods, and then each bean is peeled of its tough outer skin.
8044	“These individuals have access to 24/7 food and water,” Albence said, defending the centers on Tuesday.
8045	These initiatives include the fight against cancer, elimination of child labor or care for needy children.
8046	The seizure of Ms. Watkins’s records was alarming to First Amendment advocates.
8047	These lectures about the life and works of Richard Wagner bring this controversial composer and his art to life.
8048	These little chairs held name tags for our wedding, so they were sentimental for my husband and me.
8049	These meals are for children 12 years old and under.
8050	These mechanisms distribute external traffic across the cluster nodes.
8051	These params are not originally precached in any appshell URL, so such a page will have to be retrieved from the server.
8052	These performance benefits have been demonstrated for kojic acid, and can be inferred for structurally related 4-HBA.
8053	The 'Seq Q32T1' sequential traces use 128K block size with a queue depth of 32 from a single thread, while the '4K Q32T1' ones do random 4K accesses with the same queue and thread configurations.
8054	The server in turn sends a response to the request.
8055	The Service Endpoint Monitor fills that gap for any internal sites, but the customer now has to manage 2 separate tool configurations.
8056	The service uses factors such as geolocation, IP address, email, device and proxies to determine the likelihood a transaction is fraudulent.
8057	These samples address a common use case for monetizing apps with feeds or lists of content.
8058	These small peppercorns in brine will bring a lot of flavor to your food.
8059	These stories are also as good as any written by past greats such as Fitzgerald, O'Connor, and Cheever.
8060	These superior souls first choose the lesson: to teach it later as the quintessence of wisdom.
8061	These things are much more durable than the Sennheiser HD280 pro and sound better.
8062	These three top-selling productivity tools are included in the Accelerator Pack, which is free with all new Unity Plus subscriptions for a limited time.
8063	These trips might have been to Mexico, or South Africa, or China.
8064	These two are fighting for the belt.
8065	These two languages make up the backbone of Müller's attacks.
8066	These veneer stains are meant to enhance the beauty of spaces and coordinate with other materials in our offering by introducing a neutral tone to the environment.
8067	The seven-year-old Istanbul Museum of Modern Art, opened in 2004 in a converted warehouse in Tophane on the Bosporus, presents the ambitious exhibition, “Dream and Reality, Modern and Contemporary Women Artists from Turkey,” Sept. 16, 2011-Jan.
8068	These warm-weather imbibing tips will help you stay hydrated, not get too tipsy and keep you from feeling bloated.
8069	These were Paula’s.
8070	These were so, soooo good!
8071	These were the ones that did not speak Spanish.
8072	These will be your gift tags!
8073	“The sexual content is too much for their young minds to process.
8074	The Shanghai dumplings -- the ones with the soup inside -- were very gingery.
8075	The share capital increase was ratified by the Court of Rome through decree dated 7 August 1978.
8076	The “sharing” started to concern me.
8077	The Sharks get a visit from the "sock fairy"
8078	The shifting product landscape, historically low returns on investment, legacy technology, and stringent regulations are increasing buyer reluctance in many markets.
8079	The short section I played was a side quest set around 15-20 hours into the game, on the island of Delos.
8080	The show’s cliffhanger comes when Ellstin Limehouse tips off Boyd that Ava tried to run.
8081	The sibling that exhibits the good habits has a healthy smile and the other has consistent problems with his smile.
8082	The signage at Lima’s Plaza Norte is the latest example of Samsung’s recent LED signage endeavors, following the installation of South Korea’s largest curved SMART LED signage outside of COEX convention center in one of the most bustling areas of Seoul.
8083	The simple but glorious arctic roll started popping up everywhere, from restaurants to school and hospital menus.
8084	The site allows visitors to register for the latest brand news, helping to build anticipation and customer interest in this new player in the market.
8085	The site is also launching a redesigned reporting dashboard and will be moving its YouTube Studio out of beta to be the default hub for creators.
8086	The situations.
8087	The size 4 and 5 yurbuds enhancers are specifically designed for the yurbuds for Women models.
8088	"The size inclusive term for us is almost benign now—both in the men's line and the women's line, there's that sense of democracy: Come, shop, you decide," Tritton explains.
8089	The Skarasen attacked any persons or objects to which the Zygons attached a transceiver that broadcast an mating call to the Skarasen.
8090	The skin on your forehead, nose, and cheeks may start to look particularly tanned, creating the melasma, or "mask of pregnancy."
8091	The Slideshow module has seen a few improvements, but my favorite new feature is the ability to automatically sync slide transitions to your music by simply checking a box.
8092	The Smart Compose feature will be rolled out to all Gmail users in the coming weeks.
8093	The Software requires a license key in order to operate, which will be delivered as described in Section 10.2 (Delivery).
8094	The song, somewhat deceptively, is not about an actual butterfly.
8095	The sophisticate accepts “complex structures of class, power and reputation” and “the need for… a careful negotiation of public spaces,” while poor lovely Daisy dashes into life unstrategically, in broad daylight, enjoying the bareheaded moment.
8096	The sour cream has been my favourite so far, but I have not attempted cheese yet, so maybe that will be my new favourite.
8097	The spa also offers a $140 oxygen facial called the Supercharge, a three-step oxygen treatment.
8098	The specific amount of copper needed daily depends on your age, gender and health situation.
8099	The spreadsheet is currently calculating at 80%, so the formula is C21 *.8 ad displays in C23 (the highlighted cell).
8100	The squad of Olympic Athletes from Russia (OAR), who cannot compete under their national flag as a punishment for doping violations, fell to Slovenia, a hockey minnow, in their group-stage opener.
8101	The stabilized video with correct timestamps.
8102	The staff is extremely skilled and knew exactly what was needed to prepare for our certification.
8103	The stare my favorite in each section.
8104	The state average is 1.78%, and the national average is 1.19%.
8105	The status code expected from the host.
8106	The steel ring of an engine gear framing an ivory Kali.
8107	The store, which sells new and used books, jewelry, oils, soaps, crystals, candles and other New Age items, wrote customers: "All good things must come to an end.
8108	The stories begin with “Tomorrow”: What will they be like—those Lost Children of Tomorrow, the survivors of Armageddon?
8109	The storms will be accompanied by 15-20 mph winds going out of the northeast, making it a "pretty breezy" day, Krein said.
8110	The story being told is an absolutely true one of a mother's quest to find her missing child, no matter what the cost.
8111	The story culminates with one of the best courtroom scenes in crime fiction.'
8112	The story features not only Hazelrigg, the cop who featured in several of his early books, but also the para-insomniac solicitor Henry Bohun, who sadly never returned in a follow-up novel, although he did feature n several short stories.
8113	‘The story follows a group of railway maintenance workers who are forced to cut corners with disastrous results.’
8114	The story itself is pretty good.
8115	The story largely revolves around what Livvy is baking.
8116	The story of how I first heard of Pinterest is a common one.
8117	The story touched a nerve and was reminder the Hitler didn’t care if his regime killed children and the helpless.
8118	The story was light-hearted, with just enough drama to keep the story moving forward.
8119	The story was written by Stan Lee, penciled by Jack Keller and inked by Paul Reinman.
8120	The strategy for your referral program must focus on making it as easy and enticing as possible to customers.
8121	The Strawberry Friands look glorious!
8122	TheStreet's founder Jim Cramer holds a monthly investor call for members of his Action Alerts PLUS investing club.
8123	The streets near the south side I-65 closure seemed busier than usual for a Sunday morning.
8124	The street was lined with Porsches and Ferraris and even had a designer baby carriage store where each stroller was upholstered in the finest of Gucci and Fendi and Louis Vuitton.
8125	The students did a Word Storm together, brainstorming all the words and phrases that came to mind as they looked at this image.
8126	The student should show they understand private and public variables, functions, and methods, and understand the benefits of encapsulation and APIs.
8127	The Study Group’s blog is is a new Afghanistan report from the Center for American Progress.
8128	The subtext of Kondo's advice, which is never stated, is that you have plenty and always will.
8129	The suspect shooter was taken into custody without injury.
8130	The suspects were found with excavation equipment, including a generator, electric drill, lighting, shovels and numerous buckets, the official said in a statement.
8131	The symposium in Vancouver was an opportunity for FIFA and its members to look at how these are being implemented, while also addressing the work that needs to be done going forward.
8132	The symptoms and effects of dehydration vary from person to person, but the toll it takes on pregnant women is especially concerning.
8133	The system distinguishes between apps.
8134	The system requires a permanently installed SIM card (mobile communications) in the vehicle and a module to be fitted.
8135	The tacos de pollo and the tacos al pastor are popular with the local patrons, as are the restaurant’s ceviche and other specialties.
8136	The talking heads included the crime fiction commentator Barry Forshaw, and novelists Val McDermid and Hakan Nesser.
8137	The task force must recommend guidelines for setting up a Web site that would be a clearinghouse for information on data security and resources available to small business owners.
8138	The team also ran an online experiment to examine the difference of having the models retrained more often.
8139	The team has struggled to finish scoring chances in the playoffs.
8140	The team is only successful when the product is satisfactorily delivered to the customer.
8141	The team performance (KW sales per rep)beat national averages for the industry by more than 200%and established the client as an industry powerhouse.
8142	The team's goal was to identify how best to use a model-based approach to optimize the performance and cost of next generation Intel® Solid State Drives (Intel® SSDs), by making informed, data-driven decisions earlier in the design process.
8143	The team wades through legal waters regarding a decision about an unborn child.
8144	The teenage girl who I saw in some documentary footage who was dressed up like Trinity and said, “Everyone thinks that is just a phase for me.
8145	The temple is a holy place of both the Vaishnava and Shaiva sects.
8146	The tennis complex started out with three grass courts for on which government employees could play.
8147	The term was coined by Dave McClure, founder of 500 Startups, and is very popular amongst product managers and growth hackers across the world for how it simplifies and breaks down a product’s user lifecycle.
8148	The Test group and the Control group are modeled as different ASRGs.
8149	The Texas Department of Transportation will be working to improve traffic congestion and pedestrian safety along the FM 1960 corridor.
8150	The thing about doctors is that they often tend to treat everyone in their lives as patients – including family and friends – and you’re just a girlfriend!
8151	The thing about savings is that, if you select the right kinds of accounts, your money will make you even more money over time.
8152	The thing is, I really want Jess to be happy for me, the way I was for her last year when she got the scholarship to Colonial Academy.
8153	The thing that keeps that low and keeps us eating like Kings ……………. is the old pickle jar in the freezer full of yeast.
8154	The thing that really stands out to me in your comment is that you are following your passions during the day and modeling that for your kids.
8155	The thing they have you sign with your finger never looks like your written signature.
8156	The ThinkSystem DS6200 supports attachment to Lenovo ThinkSystem, System x, ThinkServer, and Flex System hosts by using SAS, iSCSI, or Fibre Channel storage connectivity protocols.
8157	The thought of enjoying a meal outside with gorgeous scenery at La Milpa Organica Farm with others makes me want to hang my head, not to mention all the gorgeous photos I was hoping to snap.
8158	The thought of pain is in the brain.
8159	“The thousand injuries of Fortunato I had borne as I best could, but when he ventured upon insult, I vowed revenge.”
8160	The three hotline veterans delved into the idiosyncrasies of work at Nintendo, recalling details like a security guard named Dick Force and unique dishes served at the on-site Café Mario, such as Pasta Pronto and the Mario Muffin.
8161	The Tiburon Film Festival is playing through March 21st, and has a wonderful variety of independent and thought provoking films.
8162	The Tiger’s Daughter looks interesting too.
8163	The time before his they said it was a different bacteria, worse then had before, I forget the name.
8164	The Times readership is increasingly going digital.
8165	The time token response is going to be hidden in the second element of the array the server gives us in the response.
8166	The title at the top of your network diagram grid is the same as what you named the file.
8167	The tolerance range on mass produced items - even tightly QC'd ones like camera bodies and lenses - means that you're eventually *going* to need to do some fine tuning.
8168	The tool can hold up to 100 task entries and has been pre-populated with some example initiatives.
8169	The tool is not integrated into social media so recommendations do not take into account what the customer’s friends have bought or viewed – something John Lewis should possibly consider enabling as it has almost 317,000 Facebook fans.
8170	The top right is the start/stop/reset button, which also serves as essentially the enter button in a menu.
8171	The Total Economic Impact of Citrix XenApp, a commissioned study conducted by Forrester Consulting on behalf of Citrix, February 2016.
8172	The tower, which was not supposed to be there, plunges into the earth in a place just before the black pine forest begins to give way to swamp and then the reeds and wind-gnarled trees of the marsh flats.
8173	The town of Columbus, Mississippi was actually far ahead of the curve in this endeavor: as early as 1866, their celebration commemorated both the Union and Confederate casualties buried in the town cemetery.
8174	The tradeoff should not be lower bit rate verses more songs.
8175	‘The trade to London remained profitable for the fewer smacks engaged in it but other vessels owned by the company struggled to find regular employment.’
8176	The traditional application process—recruiting certified pilots who may have already completed training with military, university, cargo or smaller airline backgrounds—is one pathway we offer for pilots to join us at JetBlue.
8177	The tragedies & triumphs have taken a life of their own, giving this character incredible depth.
8178	The trailer for its second season teases new adventures to new planets and plenty more irreverent humor.
8179	The training center has its own train wreck.
8180	The treasury’s domain knowledge of economic modeling and policy design, paired with LinkedIn’s rich dataset and specialized analytics capability, provides a detailed and dynamic narrative of the Australian labor market.
8181	The treatment of economic factors, including natural resources, ecology, and land use patterns, sheds much light on the potential for economic cooperation and competition in the region over the next decade.
8182	The trend for two-toned lips may be more prominent in the East at present, but interest is spiking – the look has experienced 74% growth in try-ons.
8183	The trial routine was simple and repetitive: Urine sample between 9-10am, blood at around the same time, sun cream and specially designed sun top on straight after, wait for 20 minutes and then out you go.
8184	The trick is examing how your organization does business.
8185	The truck can come as an extended cab with a 6-foot bed, or as a crew cab with either a 5 or 6-foot bed.
8186	The truth is, building inclusive collections isn’t about excluding anyone, it’s about including everyone.
8187	The Turkish lira is falling, prices are rising.
8188	The twist comes with the tower.
8189	The two learn that the conch's pistol is considered "Bahamian Viagra"; they try it, but Becca, still ignorant about Colton's sexual history, assures us they don't need an aphrodisiac.
8190	The two of them really complemented each other well and I found myself rooting for their inevitable get together.
8191	The uCertifyLPIC-1 Exam 1 Junior Level Linux Professional course is an online LPIC-1 study guide that can be used alone or as additional preparation along with an instructor-led course.
8192	The ugly behemoth addition next door is a bit off-putting but there’s room for a nice addition in the back of this house.
8193	The Unfinished Leader is a modern handbook for recognizing, facing, and inspiring others to expose the real issues that underlie paradoxes in modern organizations.
8194	The unit has already executed more than 6,500 campaigns and serves more than 800 clients in 195 markets.
8195	The Unity ARKit plugin provides developers with friendly access to ARKit’s features: motion tracking, live video rendering, plane finding and hit-testing, ambient light estimation, raw point cloud data, and more.
8196	The Unprotected WitnessAfter the murder of his father, who has been hiding under the Witness Protection Program, Pete finds himself the target of sinister men who seem to think he knows where a large sum of money is hidden.
8197	The U.S. Air Force eventually plans on purchasing 100 B-21s, but how much they’re planning on spending for that, too, is a secret.
8198	The use of omnipresent branding, product shots and a human presence all tend to improve ad recall, while it should be noted that the retail sector is often guilty of using dual branding in mobile creative which can distract and confuse consumers.
8199	The user can thus compare the cost of the journey estimated by Mappy and the amount that can be saved by using BlaBlacar.
8200	The user must have any on the target view.
8201	The U.S. has accused Vinnik of laundering $4 billion in bitcoins via the BTC-e exchange, which it said also handled stolen Mt. Gox and Silk Road bitcoins.
8202	The US international has been linked with a move to Real Madrid.
8203	The US, Japan and China have the largest presence of the cohort.
8204	The vast numbers of people who thought it terribly, terribly important to have a million dollar McMansion in order to signal their value, now wants 1000 Twitter followers, price tag: $0.
8205	The venue, the Stars' home since the 2001-02 season, has earned wide praise from the league for "Best Fan Experience."
8206	The version I had at was so delicious that I decided to go back a few nights later.
8207	The very next day we got a second offer.
8208	The vfx studios’ complicated goal was to bring Thanos – performed in motion capture gear by Josh Brolin – to life for their respective scenes without the audience realizing that two separate teams did the work.
8209	The viceroy, (governed 1869–72), met to confer with Shīr ʿAlī at in 1869 and, though reaffirming Anglo-Afghan friendship, resisted all requests by the emir for more permanent and practical support for his still precarious regime.
8210	The video will also be helpful to the panel of judges and will give you the opportunity to explain your approach to designing your application.
8211	The visuals are visceral and detailed and yet not over stated.
8212	The VitalChoice salmon oil is a low quality product with low concentrations of DHA and EPA.
8213	The vivid colors add excitement and interest to the quirky book.
8214	The voice product is always good.
8215	"The warning signs are there.
8216	The water moistens the mixture so you can form it into 1-ounce balls.
8217	The way this mentality has manifested itself in our culture and our global teams unites us and differentiates us.
8218	The WD Black / SanDisk Extreme Pro SSDs have great performance for DAS workloads, and team up effectively with the TEKQ Rapide enclosure for a high-performance portable Thunderbolt 3 SSD that doesn't break the bank.
8219	The weather was quite mild, dropping to a low in the 50s, which is not what a redneck from Florida wants to see.
8220	The web sucks with all of these sucky browsers.
8221	The weekend's over, the real world has headed back to the office, and chefs and waitresses are parked in the coffee shop recovering from their work week, which generally is Wednesday-Sunday.
8222	The Weston A. Price Foundation is another place to find out the truths of the values of saturated fats, and they help dispel some of the myths of polyunsaturates, but they again are under the influence of the dairy industry, so they have their biases.
8223	The White House unveiled a hands-off regulatory approach to foster the development of artificial intelligence (AI) at a gathering of more than 40 companies in Washington on Thursday.
8224	The white should feel firm and the yolk should still be soft.
8225	The WHO has sent more than 7,000 doses of the vaccine, being developed by Merck, to the DRC.
8226	The whole idea of whole, real foods to me is to get people used to eating nose to tail food that isn't dressed up or hidden.
8227	The whole point of adding chlorine is to provoke a reaction, so that when the gas mingles with cake flour, both are transformed.
8228	The whole point of the rice in those dishes is to absorb lots of flavorful broth, and in the case of risotto, to slough off starch under constant stirring to create a creamy consistency.
8229	The wifi network security scanner detects more router vulnerabilities and displays extra details.
8230	The Windows kernel provides simple capabilities to identify fake Access Tokens, but sometimes the kernel or other kernel-mode drivers are too busy to use them correctly.
8231	“The winds may lead to significant travel disruptions for the Monday morning commute in the Northeast,” Pydynowski said.
8232	The winner in a real-world showdown of direct oral anticoagulants?
8233	The winning pod was made by WARR Hyperloop, a team from the Technical University of Munich, whose pod was clocked at 284 mph on the test track.
8234	The wires pulling K9 along the beach are particularly visible in part one.
8235	The withdrawal limit is the direct result of Federal Regulation D or FRB 12 CFR 204.2 (d)(2), which is a part of the Federal Reserve Board’s code for Reserve Requirements of Depository Institutions.
8236	The Wobblies were not playin'.
8237	The woman looked at her a moment, but said nothing.
8238	The woman quickly propels her wheelchair down a paved path beside the beach.
8239	The woman shook Rell's hand and melted into the crowd.
8240	The wonderful Chimimanda Adichie talk, "The Dangers of a Single Story"
8241	The wooden cake boards are trimmed with grosgrain ribbons with white detailing on the edges.
8242	The workflow begins running.
8243	The working group in charge of JavaScript versioning and maintaining ECMAScript is known as Technical Committee 39, or TC39.
8244	The Workshops are part of TrustArc’s renowned Privacy Insight Series that drew over 15,000 webinar registrations in 2016.
8245	The X-T10 features the latest CLASSIC CHROME Film Simulation mode, which delivers muted tones and deep colors.
8246	They addressed the learning gaps in different marketplaces and the industry’s current global training needs.
8247	They also found another set of human footprints, leading researchers to believe that hunters traveled in packs and ganged up on the sloth, with one group distracting the animal from a safe distance while another attempted to land a fatal blow.
8248	They also happened on the back porch because Lord forbid that neighbors see you shelling peas.
8249	They also may invest in real estate through real estate investment trusts (REITs) and even be in junk bonds, commodities, and derivatives.
8250	“They always have weird code names,” he said.
8251	They are a good christian based business.
8252	They are also investigating how to make the engines of ships that are ploughing through ice function within their optimal limits – and how to secure energy generation by offshore wind parks.
8253	They are being shaken up by digital media.
8254	They are churned out by both large commercial operations200 year-old, family-run bakeries alike to feed hungry Brits at Christmas.
8255	They are doing all of this for profit and power and no other reason.
8256	They are from their lists of records highs/lows for Columbus Ohio but the lists are from different years.
8257	They are her idea and would not have helped her get her GED, trust me I know.
8258	“They are inflamed and cannot be easily opened by picking.
8259	They are just too cute and too easy to make.
8260	They are lightweight and very easy to crochet around, plus the simplicity of them really suits these smaller mandala designs.
8261	They are made of POM/Derlin therefore once B crash-lands they are flexible enough to withstand the pressure before they can break.
8262	They are not a world unto themselves.
8263	They are qualities that we use to describe people, places, things, events, and actions.
8264	They are the ones we can’t stand to have hurt us.
8265	They are white female soul singers who have made music for more than a decade, often closer to pop than soul.
8266	They argue that designers are rapidly changing the look and feel of senior living in the country, and need to continue to adopt better design practices—light-filled spaces, natural materials—to produce better health outcomes.
8267	They attacked the police station and dragged the SI out.
8268	They both have family names for their middle names.
8269	“They can pose a real threat to democracy itself,” it argues.
8270	They contain profound cultural background.
8271	They didn't even have time to squawk before they died.
8272	They discovered TDP-43 accumulates in nerve cell mitochondria, critical structures responsible for generating the enormous amount of energy nerve cells require.
8273	They discuss a few biological pathways that could potentially link dietary acid load and cancer, but they admit that it’s mostly speculation and there’s no direct link.
8274	They’d never fit me, with feet the size of canoes.
8275	They don’t do so well on my upper lashes because my skin is more saggy.
8276	They don't do "stunt sushi" or saketini's (though there's the occasional sake bomb).
8277	They don't really excite me at all.
8278	They do so without the typical coloration or compromise you’ll find in other noise cancelling headphones.
8279	The year in review, new research topics, and looking ahead to 2016.
8280	They give us the contracts for drug testing and summaries that tell us whether a fighter has tested positive or negative.
8281	They had a big ol’ growth team that was trying different experiments and a raw algorithm that was deciding what to show everybody and the only thing it cared about was getting you to come back constantly.
8282	They had agreed that changes were needed, and they now had a solution they could all buy into.
8283	They had internal drive to educate themselves for the sake of education.
8284	They handed over spider plants in terra-cotta, six-packs, books, bottles of wine.
8285	They hate that (too).
8286	They have buttons."
8287	They have had enough time to update the software and fix this.
8288	They have long known that some recipes contain ingredients, such as honey, with antibiotic properties.
8289	They have the responsiveness you need for perfectly executing double and triple taps, and there’s no audible click or tactile “bump.”
8290	They have very powerful stomach acid and their digestive tracts are short, moving meat through it very quickly.
8291	The yields on both the 10-year and 30-year bonds have increased significantly during the week, but Najarian sees this just as a blip in the long run.
8292	They inspected the suspension parts and motor mounts and found nothing wrong.
8293	They just keep showing back up in the ready to process folder and finally after multiple times trying, I just delete the images.
8294	They know I’m a foreigner.
8295	They made pies and then had a pie fight.
8296	They made up for their abstinence with breakfast later that morning, comparable in calories to the other group’s trencherman portions.
8297	They make me feel so proud.
8298	They may seem cryptic at times, but they almost always give you the information you need.
8299	They might say no—school libraries often don’t have enough money for everything they’d like to do.
8300	They must be quite desperate for money if they are willing to bring back a show which they quite hapily killed soon after they bought LucasFilm.
8301	They need to look at changing their spatial planning, road infrastructure, data and service management."
8302	They never attacked us.
8303	They often don’t use technologies like selective catalytic reduction, a method to reduce nitrogen oxide emissions that cause smog and acid rain.
8304	The young people, of course, couldn’t hold in their laughter, and I was red-faced.
8305	They promised smores at the bonfire.
8306	They pulled it from boardsmag.com. I've seen blogs () where people had been posting a trail of sites where they see the short, then subsequently it gets pulled.
8307	They quote with approval the words of the influential twentieth-century economist John Kenneth Galbraith: “There must be some element of monopoly in an industry if it is to be progressive.”
8308	They range from 30 to 60 cents for each tube half.
8309	They realized fruit did always have to go to that sweet place," he says.
8310	They're already on basically every single major social media service (Facebook, Instagram, Twitter, and even Google+), and now, they're making a much more prominent appearance on YouTube as well.
8311	They’re bulky as all hell though, not readily available and, again, wildly expensive.
8312	They're going to build a tasting room for the winery, as other wineries have done.
8313	They’re going to have their own lives soon, and I want one last week where we’re together.
8314	They're not going to believe it's nonfiction, but it's a great story."
8315	They're not stupid, they read all the books, they try to do their best.
8316	They’re now totally separated.
8317	They’re small, not usually dangerous, and they can even be practical, if you can get them to lay eggs.
8318	They respond to experiences that are timely, targeted, and tailored to their specific needs—and reject those that aren't.
8319	"They're these monstrous creatures, who have long teeth and—"
8320	They say being together and singing together was their power.
8321	They say “If you love something, let it go.”
8322	They say it is "reasonable to not disclose" complaints in which regulators determined a complaint was invalid.
8323	They sell their products nationwide.
8324	They should be encouraged to share their dreams and attendant thoughts and feelings with one another, but in a manner agreed upon among themselves (with your guidance).
8325	They shouldn’t get it.
8326	They should take a more cautious and risk-aware stance as they step forward to make the most of the opportunities that synchronized global growth will likely offer in 2018,” Heinel concluded.
8327	They slowly, insidiously eat away at the integrity of organizations — no matter what.”
8328	They talk a bit about Robin Williams, insert a Jewish kvetch-o-meter while having coffee, stop into The Comedy Store and stand on the stage while swapping stories, and slip onto the CBS lot in Studio City where they filmed in neighboring studios.
8329	They talked a few more minutes, making plans for the next day, before she and Ginny left for the motel.
8330	"They think the Jeep's affordable, the Maserati isn't."
8331	They usually don't need to use money, only in limited cases or to get their needs from outside the Waha by travelling to Siwa or Marsa Matruh.
8332	They’ve been told they can always be doing something, and they don’t know how to relax.
8333	They’ve done studies and I don’t know all the science behind it but I think women smile more than men.
8334	They've failed to use the medical side of things to regulate clinics completely out of business (although, congrats, cocks, you've sure fucked things up for a few years).
8335	They’ve just posted a step-by-step tutorial showing how to send multiple images from LR to Photomatix for processing, then automatically pull the results back into your LR library.
8336	They've posted a lot of Instagrams together and they've also partied together a few times.
8337	They want the recent and the relevant.
8338	They warn Hidden Cobra is actively targeting the media, aerospace, financial, and critical infrastructure sectors in the United States and other global assets.
8339	They were a cavalcade of walking issues, and he wasn’t healthy enough to avoid them.
8340	They were both married, but went to his place that night and were together, more or less, until Dash's death in 1961.
8341	They were great fun but they weren't serious.
8342	They were more cautionary tales.
8343	They were not overjoyed to see me go.”
8344	They were pleased to see this hypothesis confirmed: using mice, they proved that normalizing the blood supply is sufficient to stop the epigenetic alterations from occurring.
8345	“They were running with that and making that their own,” she added.
8346	“They were trying to do stand-ups at a public rally, and you have people trying to yell over them preventing them from doing their jobs and yelling that their network sucks on live TV,” he said.
8347	"they were trying to harm us."
8348	They were used in rotation and even left in the tape drive and overwritten every night for months or years.
8349	They will get LOTS of letters from students who accepted, but have to call it off.
8350	They work by softening the “glue” that holds skin cells together so the dead ones fall off more easily.
8351	They would also be stand alone buildings, running along the main street of Orchard, which is Washington Street.
8352	They would seem to have been headed one way and then to have abruptly changed their minds, or to have seen someone—the kids’ dad?
8353	The ZAGGmate fits onto the iPad with a ultra-satisfying snugness, thanks to some precise machining and a neoprene-like material around the area that the ZAGGmate will contact your iPad.
8354	Things are a little different on this side of the counter, but I have been wanting to own a bookstore for a long time.
8355	Things like having positive people around you, adjusting your thoughts on the good and cultivating gratefulness--can chase those blues away for good!
8356	Things only got worse when the production arrived on location in Bangkok.
8357	Things starting getting out of control when I started blogging.
8358	Think about it - the tools that are really great are the ones that you always see come up in posts and conversations, tools like Hootsuite, Buffer, Moz's toolset, Sprinklr.
8359	Thinking I might’ve gotten a lemon, I bought another pair, only to have the same thing happen.
8360	Think of all the bad email marketing campaigns you've deleted from your inbox, or marked as spam.
8361	Think of how boring it would be if we were truly "all the same".
8362	Think of it as the difference between designing an adequate customer checkout process or developing one that drives more sales and keeps the customer coming back.
8363	Think of something you’ve never told anyone and share it with your spouse.
8364	Think of these as catalysts to your growth.
8365	Think twice before pulling out that piece of plastic because even the smallest charges add up and before you know it, you're racking up debt.
8366	Third, because of the complexity and lack of AI experience within the enterprise, it is often difficult to determine whether candidates actually have the skills needed.
8367	Third-he is able to create believable characters with a few strokes of his keyboard.
8368	Third is the Croatian (Hrvatski) from Croatian state.
8369	This 2-day, instructor-led course how to design solutions for batch and real-time data processing.
8370	This all comes down to asking the right questions of the app.
8371	This allows me to feel I have enjoyed the treat and gives me the will power to avoid eating the whole bag.
8372	This allows us to know if we are attracting new visitors and what aspects of the site seem most useful.
8373	This also makes sense when it comes to doing business in a global context.
8374	This amazing compact lens offers unbeatable compositional freedom with its wide-angle (37mm) to super telephoto coverage (260mm).
8375	This applies to every platform.
8376	This approach provides a solution to the challenge of being unable to cookie track on mobile, whilst still testing brand effectiveness in a live environment.
8377	This article is especially interested in the "minimalist-maximalist" debate about whether and to what degree the Hebrew Bible tells us any useful historical information about the so-called United Monarchy.
8378	This article of yours has really made me re-think my ‘adult’ opinion on fairy tales.
8379	This article provides the definition, core values, and corporate advantages of DevOps, and what to think about when making the transition.
8380	This auction is a little different as I am offering three 4 x 4 inch paintings of the same subject.
8381	This auto insurance company has an in-depth informative guide to SR-22 certificates that rivals Progressive’s.
8382	This automatically alerts emergency services in the event of an accident, thereby significantly shortening the communication chain between the accident victim and the rescue team.
8383	This beast of a smartphone is just what I need.
8384	This being said, I liked him enough to root for him and Julia and happily read through the story.
8385	This book always was an anomaly vs. the rest of my work.
8386	This book is full of inspired, unexpected twists and face-hurting laugh-out-loud moments.
8387	This books takes you back and forth in Clementine’s experiences, hurts, pains and healing from past to present.
8388	This book will not only change the way you lead - it will change the way you live your life.
8389	This book will show you a working process to quickly iterate product ideas with low and high fidelity prototypes, based on professional tools from different software brands.
8390	This brings the company's funding to $1 million.
8391	This brown café, in operation since 1973 on the Herengracht, is located inside a former distillery that dates back to the 19th century.
8392	This burgeoning public health crisis especially affects poor and black people.
8393	This cake is exactly what I’ve been looking for as we needed a gluten free, delicious option for our family!
8394	This came at the end of a footage presentation that really kind of blew me away.
8395	This can be anything you like.
8396	This can make it difficult to use a standard proto-shield with your boards.
8397	This can take the form of a pat on the back for a job well done, financial incentives, or even promotions and giving high performers more responsibility, "says Topinka.
8398	This causes unnecessary pain to patient's and compromises skin integrity.
8399	This certificate is widely recognised and has the same validity as COSMOS out of the US.
8400	This chapter focuses on how to manage this visual complexity so the results remain useful to ourselves and to others.
8401	This Class Expectations chart makes it clear what behavior we can expect from others and what we should each be aiming for.
8402	This colorful collection of new products come in a variety of materials in a modern style with a focus on color-blocking and simplicity.
8403	This comes two years after American "Vogue" employed the same cover line.
8404	This command line is assembled of the data you enter in the fields of this dialog box.
8405	This consists of vibration dampening, foam, fiberglass, and a poplar core that improves the ride on rough surfaces better than a bamboo deck.
8406	This course discusses how to configure and administer role-based access control, secure ESXi, vCenter Server, and vSphere Virtual Machines, and enable SSO and Active Directory Integration.
8407	This course will provide an understanding of the SSO, and the steps necessary to prepare for, install, and configure AD FS for use with SSO.
8408	This dependency on third party filters is both the strength and the weakness of the player.
8409	This diagram shows the market position of Odoo in terms of popularity and traffic compared to the most popular content management systems.
8410	This documentary reminds me of the excellent documentary "The Imposter" of a few years ago.
8411	This document will guide you through the process of setting up Microsoft Azure Advanced Threat Protection (Azure ATP) in a proof of concept environment and in production.
8412	This does not make him popular, to put it mildly.
8413	This doesn't make any sense since the basic-auth package doesn't accept a function to perform the authentication.
8414	This dynamic, model-driven and real-time interaction is what will make this future OSS solution different from the traditional one.
8415	This early form of encryption translated passwords into numeric values.
8416	This elderly couple in Japan who ran a cucumber farm and one of the big tasks is to sort cucumbers into, like, prickly ones, less prickly ones, straight ones, curved ones.
8417	This eliminates potential security risks and provides maximum protection even before we mask your data.
8418	This email address is what you will enter into the third party application as an approved recipient.
8419	This enabled her to support herself while also secretly pursuing her craft as a visual artist, in earnest, for decades.
8420	This episode shows how to monetize your skill by creating and adding in-skill products.
8421	This example provides an introduction to the Attribute utility, showing how you can use it to add attribute support to your own custom classes.
8422	This FDA approval is based on a large clinical that randomly and blindly gave children 10 years of age and older, with MS, either Gilenya or Avonex (interferon beta-1a).
8423	This features various teens talking about how the word is offensive and needs to go.
8424	This finding fits in with a general tendency for women to underestimate, and men to overestimate, their abilities.
8425	This flavor-packed sauce is perfect with pulled pork or any Mexican entrée.
8426	This formula is suitable for all skin types.
8427	This function compares object identity (rather than value identity) for objects, dictionaries, and arrays.
8428	This generation also marks the return of the hatchback.
8429	This gives an at-a-glance view to know if it’s OK to proceed.
8430	This gives your audience a chance to voice their preference, while also providing you with data on what Twitter users are most interested in.
8431	This goes for the men, too.
8432	This gorgeous bundle by used roses, peonies, delphiniums, and foliage.
8433	This had deprived Tucker of blood flow and oxygen.
8434	This has been my breakfast for about a week now.
8435	“This has not been the case.”
8436	This has not been without pain - just ask a record label executive or a newspaper publisher - but it has made acquiring and sharing artistic works much easier, fostering an age of abundant creativity.
8437	This has three subheadings: Family, Feelings, Growing Up.
8438	This helps drive the phone’s max ISO up to 102,400 – and this is even before we start looking at the algorithmic tricks it uses for long exposure but stable night shots.
8439	This holiday is a classic time for family traditions, gatherings — and brunch!
8440	This hormone plays many roles during pregnancy.
8441	This horrible disease that’s been inflicting the populous.
8442	This hypnotizing and audacious first novel is inspired by Barzini’s own teenage years in L.A., and the unusual details are like nothing captured in fiction before.
8443	This identifies the Molecule bean as the event target (the receiver of the Event).
8444	This image may be fiction or non fiction.
8445	This intricately plotted, luminous fantasy novel is set in the same world as Chokshi's first novel, The Star-Touched Queen, bestseller.
8446	This is a book of rattlesnakes and corn liquor, of a cursed backwoods family living on cursed backwater soil.
8447	This is a complete book that you’ll use time and again.”
8448	This is a copy of your theme that you can alter without affecting the original version.
8449	This is a critical security and health issue that we ignore at our peril.
8450	This is actually positive news, given that Americans have been stuck in neutral for years when it came to hitting that 6-months' number — which experts recommend as a minimum.
8451	This is a different type of mystery so I am interested in reading it.
8452	This is a flagrant violation of privacy," Lawrence's publicist Liz Mahoney wrote in a statement.
8453	"This is a flat-out violation," Eisenstein said.
8454	This is a great book for young building enthusiasts.
8455	This is a great book that the students have loved.
8456	This is a great solution.
8457	This is a huge step-forward, one that manages to improve the overall user experience no end.
8458	This is a huge victory for patients."
8459	This is a -- if you are administering a particular long test, you might want to be aware You will get a notification that the locked status has changed, and you could take that opportunity to lock it again.
8460	This is a little bit tit-for-tat but much more golden rule.
8461	This is an area I am actually pretty familiar with.
8462	This is an introduction to the programming language R, focused on a powerful set of tools known as the "tidyverse".
8463	This is another one of those things that makes your visitors abandon your site and go to a competitor’s.
8464	This is an unusual fee, as many banks don’t charge you to move money in and out of your savings account.
8465	This is approximately 5.75 inches wide x 15.75 inches deep x 24 inches high.
8466	This is a preliminary test of cardiac function and does not specifically detect CAD, but rather evidence of damage from the disease.
8467	This is a pretty simple strategy adjustment that seems like it could easily net a team adapting it an extra win or two.
8468	This is a real-life case, a tantalizing mystery which caused quite the scandal in its own time.
8469	This is a world where nothing is solved —
8470	This is a worthwhile consideration, but at the moment it's adding complexity to a question we're still trying to figure out.
8471	This is based on the notion that we live in a borderless world and that if Canada does not create relationships with top VCs the world over, then we deny Canada access to them as well as the knowledge and connections they bring.
8472	This is beautiful and like Ti I'm going to print it out and paste it into my journal.
8473	This is because there is no way to replace or regenerate the cells in the pancreas once they have been destroyed.
8474	This is called the context.
8475	This is especially important if you are very far from home--you don't want to be out of touch.
8476	"This is formulated specifically for men's skin, which is up to 30 percent thicker than women's skin."
8477	This is free for Apple users.
8478	This is grown in almost all households in Kerala with some space to put up a supporting framework for the vines to spread.
8479	This is happening as we speak, said Rao, a native of Mumbai, formerly Bombay, whose Indian firm, MphasiS, has a team of Indian accountants able to do outsourced accounting work from any state in America and the federal government.
8480	This is how change occurs.
8481	This is how you know you’re ready to get started with your new business.
8482	This is: I am now a woman, I have a voice in the universe, and I want to do everything I can to become an expert in social justice and hope I can make a difference and mobilize young people to change the world.”
8483	This is just getting goofy, so if you will permit me to make a few points and pass over most of what you said, I'll to that -- and besides, my time now is extremely limited.
8484	This is more good news than bad news.
8485	This is my conversation with committed cessationist, and friend of MacArthur,Steve Camp.
8486	This is my least favorite line among the President’s remarks.
8487	This is Nigella´s recipe, from How to eat.
8488	This is not a problem – it is safe to eat mother, and skimming it off before using the vinegar isn’t much of a hassle.
8489	This is not completely clear to me.
8490	This is not my fault I waited at least 5 min for my post to appear before I tried a repost.
8491	This is not to say that you still need to monitor your consumption, but it does put some of the debate to rest.
8492	This isn’t a new competetion- its first genesis has been a way back in 2000-2002.
8493	This isn’t the first time these two have been on a road trip.
8494	This is, of course, the same M. R. James well-known as a scholar of Biblical Apocryphal and Pseudepigraphal works still often referenced, in particular The Lost Apocrypha of the Old TestamentThe Apocryphal New Testament.
8495	This is OK since no specific person is being attacked.
8496	This is one of the images I came out with.
8497	This is one you won’t want to pass up!
8498	This is only there to prevent you from farming azure bird feathers, I goddamn know it!
8499	This is partly because many networking functions still rely on specialist hardware such as particular interface cards or processors.
8500	This is possible because of biofluorescence.
8501	This is probably not the case, but if you check and your drive hasn’t been defragged in a while, you might have to start doing it manually.
8502	This is quite good and what I prefer, although the glass ones (as shown in the post, poking out of the tubes) work fine.
8503	This is, quite possible, the beigest article I’ve ever written.
8504	This is referred to as a Layer 3/4 attack.
8505	This is so different from a rehearsal period when everyone is primarily working to learn the music and get it right.
8506	This is so important because I regularly lose sight of what I want to achieve, or let someone elses definition of success become mine.
8507	“This is sort of a successor to that.”
8508	This is straight out of the oven.
8509	This is such a great feature!
8510	This issue was observed on Solaris 64-bit systems.
8511	"This is that the most important force behind elective lone parenthood is not ' feckless' men, but the attitude of women and girls."
8512	This is the best iMac keyboard for most users.
8513	This is the book that experts open to find real answers to their questions about InDesign.
8514	This is the chance to close the deal, or at the very least, get the customer to look further.
8515	This is the default mode for all Ethernet interfaces in Cisco IOS.
8516	This is the fifth post in the multicloud series.
8517	This is the greatest challenge of the global conservation movement going forward: how do you convince billions of people around the world that have no opportunity to even see nature or stars to care enough about it to conserve it?
8518	This is the main moisturizer that works on my face.
8519	This is the most richly detailed account of the Civil War presidency to appear in many years."
8520	This is the perfect pick for 4th graders.
8521	This is the post that I've been putting off writing.
8522	This is the starting point.
8523	This is the unfortunate reality of living in a Society where trademarks have such a strong presence.
8524	This is true even when the application hasn't specified other AWS credentials.
8525	This is typically CDP.
8526	This is typical of Davies.
8527	This is unbelievably quicker than trying to do the whole > thing at once plus much less likely to fail.
8528	This is useful if the same authors exist in both websites.
8529	This is when we can convert everything to strings in order to print it.
8530	This is why during last Wednesday’s Entrepreneurship 101 lecture, experienced intellectual property (IP) lawyers Ashlee Froese, Matthew Powell and Nathaniel Lipkus from Gilbert’s LLP recommended that entrepreneurs consider IP protection early on.
8531	This is why people say apple boxes people in. It's stuff like this that makes me want to go back to Android.
8532	This is why there were heavy penalties against those who polluted the water, damaged the water channels or reopening the sealed water pipes.
8533	This is why we're able to use the loop without causing an infinite loop.
8534	This is your lucky day!
8535	This I think is only acceptable if your funds are already earmarked for a worthy candidate.
8536	This July, you can find out with the help of experiential portrait company AURA AURA.
8537	This kind of crowdsourced flaw-hunting allows tech companies to get extra eyes on their hardware and software, bringing in people who may notice bugs that companies’ own security teams miss.
8538	This kind of pressure can easily lead otherwise decent people to do indecent things with your data, your privacy, or anything else you hold dear.
8539	This last day began at 8 a.m., leaving the hotel in Elat.
8540	This last step will restore the leather's smooth texture and keep it protected.
8541	“This latest forecast indicates that it is more than just a theory.
8542	This leads to some thought provoking ideas about how we react to terrorism and freedoms vs. government keeping people safe.
8543	This leather accessory holds up to 10 Switch game cards.
8544	This Lenovo solution defines an enterprise cloud infrastructure built on the Lenovo ThinkAgile HX hyperconverged architecture for businesses interested in deploying a hybrid cloud environment.
8545	This lets advertisers separate those customers most likely to buy their products or services from other consumers less likely to do so.
8546	This list of three must have books for any public or school library in America makes the whole idea of challenging books indefensible in my opinion.
8547	This list will be updated as we publish more recommendations.
8548	This literally reduces the distance of the wire between their browser and your server to the minimum possible.
8549	This looks like an incredibly refreshing drink.
8550	This makes her interactions with these people more realistic.
8551	This makes the upper left-hand position a key spot to place a graphic affiliate link.
8552	This may be for aesthetic purposes or sometimes because the south-facing rooftop isn’t fit for solar.
8553	"This may mean simplifying an existing tech stack, rather than tacking on disparate technologies that don’t effectively integrate with one another."
8554	This may mean you could purchase an app from the Store and install it both on your Windows 10 PCs and Xbox One one day soon.
8555	This means that if you now have a semi-random chance of being one of the first people who can sleep more soundly at night because of VaultPress.
8556	This means you can take a deeper dive into your organization’s HR data and make decisions tailor-made for your people.
8557	This means you do not need to tip for your taxi ride, at restaurants, at hotels or anywhere else for the service you may encounter.
8558	This meant each network device such as a router or a switch needed to be configured independently, typically through a cryptic command line interface (CLI), which makes operating a network challenging.
8559	This menu is enabled if there is only one product model being displayed on given chart.
8560	"This Miami music startup brings a recording studio to your phone,"
8561	This might be the most jaw-dropping thing we’ve seen since scientists spliced an animated GIF into live bacteria last year.
8562	This miracle drug is, in fact, nothing more than the nap: the right nap at the right time.
8563	"This move is in line with wider industry trends towards on demand entertainment, and part of our focus on the fast-growing download and streaming market.
8564	This nativist preoccupation with a ‘British way’ blocks out the scope for comparative learning.
8565	This new angle of the artwork shows the text “Stronghold Steelbook” at the top.
8566	This "non-profit" guy, is Sydney Levy & while humble himself, I'd easily call him brilliant.
8567	“This now will have some urgency associated with it.”
8568	This older group of children are suddenly of a lot of things in a short period of time.
8569	This one again was perfect but it did not excite Jack.
8570	This one includes news about social media platforms, voice assistants, email strategies, and more.
8571	This one screams costly gimmik but I'm sure there will some government imbecile ready to spend a small fortune of tax payers money on using this on the roads, or would they be clever and pennywise enough to apply it only at pedestrian crossings.
8572	This operation allows you to glue together all strings in your list together and return them as a string.
8573	This page gives instructions on configuring your special laptop keys like play/pause that are external to the keyboard, or the Fn key combinations like Fn+F1 (sleep on ASUS laptops).
8574	This page must have a name that our hosting servers support.
8575	This page relies heavily on SVG and other features that are not supported in older browser versions.
8576	This past weekend thousands of women - and men - took to the streets to show the world how nasty they can be.
8577	This period of time was challenging for a lot of people.
8578	This place was so lovely I went twice.
8579	This playset will provide hours of enjoyment.
8580	This plugin hasn't been updated since May so I'm assuming you mean that as the new version.
8581	This popular dish combines the delicacy of Chinese cooking, the heat of Indian spices, and the fragrance of Malaysian herbs.
8582	This position will work with US based corporate tax documents.
8583	This post (hopefully) will be helpful.
8584	This powerful and moving work puts a human face-a child’s face-on the “collateral damage” of gun deaths across the country.
8585	This prevents the player from speaking to you in-game or in a chat session.
8586	This principle guides design of computer and cyber-physical systems when security is a first order design requirement: it teaches how foundations for security and trust can be built into hardware.
8587	This private Kunming tour packages covers some of the most interesting facets of Yunnan Province.
8588	This process can trigger additional immune responses, thus worsening symptoms and contributing to the cycle of intestinal discomfort.
8589	This product acts like two ½ breadboards connected the long way.
8590	This product gives a lot of volume and definition to your brows.
8591	This product is vegan, cruelty-free, and formulated without silicones, chemicals, and fillers.
8592	This program is a demonstration of two way serial communication between PowerShell and a USB based microcontroller development system called Teensy.
8593	This program is a three-year initiative that partners with Early Head Start, Head Start and Kansas Early Head Start locations statewide to engage fathers and father figures with children.
8594	This progressive Christian parenting book equips parents to model a way of following Jesus that has an outward focus, putting priority on loving others, avoiding judgment, and helping those in need.
8595	This recipe looks like the most promising I've found.
8596	This reduces the round trip time, which is a big bottleneck in website optimization.
8597	This remarkable novel begins in 1850s Louisiana, where Gilda escapes slavery and learns about freedom while working in a brothel.
8598	This report pegs potential acquisition targets and valuations in the upcoming cycle of telecom equipment consolidation.
8599	This sample demonstrates the use of the Autofill Framework.
8600	This sat for a few more minutes, and we then rinsed out her hair, shampooed, and conditioned with the included deep conditioner (probably the best part of any box dye, no?
8601	This scenario changes if the costs are divided by the numbers of citations for the journals.
8602	This scenario is a good idea of what you want to be working towards (even if it seems completely impossible now!
8603	This seems like a rather odd argument to be coming from someone's whose client would have definitely benefitted from some sort of journalistic shield law.
8604	This serious wine blended blackberry fruit flavors, hints of oak, spice and savory herb in a smooth, elegant and richly balanced package.
8605	This sets off a rivalry between the two women that leads to endless special-effects whizcrackery, as they both drink magical immortality potions that leave them young and beautiful, at least until they start smashing each other’s faces in with shovels.
8606	This sets up a new negotiation to forestall these ruinous calamities, now with Social Security, Medicare and Medicaid directly targeted.
8607	This shade has the deepest tan inflection of the paints recommended here.
8608	This shot gives us a behind-the-scenes look at the epic scene, with Snyder directing the two costars as they listen carefully.
8609	This should fix the problem.
8610	This show has made me laugh, cry, think, tell all my friends about it and I look forward to hearing this podcast every weekend on my long runs.
8611	This signifies the start of the birthday season around here.
8612	This simplifies the handling of new issues for the fund or the custodian bank, which benefits third-party banks and minimizes administrative costs.
8613	This single decision is a game changer for leaders.”
8614	This soon unleashed a feeling inside that captured my thoughts for a few months as I was inspired to write about my own desire.
8615	This sounds like the making of a public health crisis, and yet, there is no relief in sight.
8616	This spring, he released the 40th album in his Steamroom series.
8617	“This star gives the ability to look at a flammable situation with a cool, detached head.
8618	This story originally appeared in the May 2018 issue with the title "The Suit Stays in the Picture."
8619	This strategy has been successful for a lot of reasons, but especially because each deploy is handled by the people most familiar with the changes that are shipping.
8620	This strengthened their resolve and encouraged the two groups to hold tighter to their new norms, values, rituals and all the other elements of the shared culture.
8621	This subplot feels like a distraction, but that’s by design: For Andrew, happiness and achievement may be mutually exclusive; to reach his potential, to make it into the pantheon, he has strip his life down to nothing but effort and rhythm.
8622	This success story is borne out by a newly developed method for modeling rural poverty that could inform interventions to improve economies, health and ecosystems.
8623	This summer, Tash has to go to camp, which she emphatically does not want to do.
8624	This table can get rather large due to the manner in which some plugins and themes record their settings.
8625	This—this is just vodka."
8626	This time I reflected on what it must have been like for her.
8627	This time, Marnie is faced with the task of how two small boys met their death in a bunker.
8628	This treatise on 20 points of Jewish law, written by the Qumran sect's leader, was published in modern form 40 years after its discovery.
8629	This tree needs a well-fed root system fed by community engagement, job training programs and strong leadership.
8630	This tutorial on running Hadoop + Ambari on Docker Swarm so you can try it out was shared during Swarm week.
8631	This type of amendment hasn't historically come up in congressional debates about cutting Planned Parenthood's budget, perhaps because it's a much more drastic move than proposing cuts to Planned Parenthood's Title X funding.
8632	This type of firewall does not inspect traffic.
8633	This valuable site by a retired professor offers a wealth of tips on composition.
8634	This varies wildly from device to device, and many factors take part while checking if you’re eligible: your carrier, your OEM, your current Android version, and your actual geographical location/IP, just to name a few.
8635	This variety is found adjacent to Mexico in west and southern Texas.
8636	This was a fantastic mailbox week because I got a box of ARCs from Scholastic!
8637	“This was a fantastic surprise, we were absolutely delighted.
8638	This was a personally difficult “decision of conscience.”
8639	This was in the mid-1980s, and one of my duties was to set up data communications links with technologically-challenged national newspaper journalists in a number of European cities via a 300-baud modem and an acoustic coupler.
8640	This was my 7th Rick Steves tour and I must say it was one of my favorites.
8641	This was not some elaborate, complicated espionage scheme.
8642	This was of Albocore tuna with cantaloupe (kind of melon), pomegranate, fried goat cheese and black olive ice cream.
8643	This was once a cake recipe that I made into cupcakes- so yes, it can be baked as a cake.
8644	This was the first review I wrote that I was proud of ha.
8645	This was time-consuming and, as we could only respond once things had gone wrong, it negatively affected our customer relationships.’
8646	This was true of both positive reviews (90%) as well as negative reviews (86%).
8647	This was very beautiful.
8648	This was well over 20 years ago now, but I still remember everything: where I stood in my room, what my phone looked like, how I instantly felt sick that her own mother didn’t believe her.
8649	This way I could figure out what’s new in one of the most popular web browsers out there.
8650	This way you know if the sync is working as expected, or if you need to change the configuration.
8651	This week, Dark Horse Comics is producing a new prequel series titled Rasputin: The Voice or the Dragon, which focuses on Trevor Bruttenholm, the man who took Hellboy in as a baby, and Rasputin, the man who helped bring Hellboy into our world.
8652	This week I finished reading (eco-thriller about the effects of an oil-eating bacteria that has the potential to devastate world-wide economies).
8653	This week on the Windows Central Podcast: We talk Redstone 5 development, Andromeda expectations, and more!
8654	This week President Barack Obama called the U.S. Senate’s 54-46 vote for improved background checks on gun buyers, which wasn’t enough to enact a measure overwhelmingly supported by the American public, a “pretty shameful day for Washington.”
8655	This week's posts are about sweets and meats!
8656	This week's question: What's your primary means of deciding what restaurants to try?
8657	This week the Small Business Administration came under Congressional fire for what appears to be a total failure to execute the mission of issuing emergency loans.
8658	This week, we’re looking at some of the best universal remotes, based on your nominations.
8659	This will be the first feature film to focus on Nico’s life.
8660	“This will change people’s perception of lamps – the lamp can be unzipped from the side and slipped into, say, a thin envelope and mailed home.”
8661	This will definetly be on my radar now.
8662	This will help!
8663	This will help you reduce hassle and time spent managing your connections.
8664	This will open Scratch in a new tab.
8665	This window contains the beans we're working on.
8666	This won't cost extra to couriers, and it starts the very moment they start accepting customers.
8667	This year belongs to the clever and resourceful rat; wouldn't Templeton be pleased!
8668	This year PBS is launching a months-long campaign to celebrate the wonder of reading and ultimately crown America’s best-loved novel.
8669	This year’s theme is.
8670	This year, Tristan, the last surviving Garrison, and his group of affluent and arrogant friends have made a point of sitting in Pearl's section.
8671	This year you can use on your Android device to stay cool, calm, collected and most of all, one step ahead of the crowd.
8672	Thleen followed her numbly.
8673	Thomas knows he won't be able to get away with it for long, but surely he’ll have long enough to find out what he needs to know.
8674	Those adjectives describe the work of the best bloggers.
8675	Those are all the Gmail Applets we could find.
8676	Those are historical questions that deserve our attention in this world of eco-friendly bathroom cleaners.
8677	Those are just a handful of the questions that we'll have to wait for answers to.
8678	Those cupcakes are great!
8679	Those mutations can then travel internally to other cells, tissues, systems, and organs—with as of yet unknown consequences.
8680	Those thinking of using wireless headphones are out of luck too as the Switch has never support Bluetooth audio and likely never will.
8681	Those viewership numbers would put them in the same league as their network counterparts.
8682	Those who are for it always love to kind of avert their gaze when you point out all the wrongful convictions and the "oops!" that follow.
8683	Those who have developed a physiologic opioid dependence will experience the onset of mild-to-severe withdrawal symptoms when stopping or decreasing the amount of the drug being used.
8684	Those words make everyone that has read The One and Only Ivan happy, don’t they?
8685	Though, I don't think that "preventing confusion amongst customers" was on the top of NV priority list when they've created GPP.
8686	Though it does not have 'gaming' or 'professional' in name, the board has enough features to make many users happy.
8687	Though it doesn’t always seem obvious, we are in relationship with the items we surround ourselves with.
8688	Though it is still considered a developing lower middle income country, India has more than 100 billionaires whose total assets were worth $479 billion in 2017.
8689	Though she often resorts to rage, Teddy is surprisingly winsome.
8690	Though the days of the 20 lb textbook aren’t behind us, we believe making the transition to digital education materials is a smart step in the right direction.
8691	Though the founders want to grow organically, they still have a lofty goal: to make BigCommerce “the standard e-commerce solution.”
8692	Though, the question remains: have you the leadership to rally a crew?
8693	Thoughts for a Friday.
8694	Though Verilog is also OK as long as the above is taken into account.
8695	Three parameters are used in a subscription request message when joining a pool.
8696	Three-pin DC and four-pin PWM spinners both work with the fan control logic, and there's a built-in calibration routine to determine the exact speed range of each connected fan.
8697	Three years ago, I sent Mr. Sobol a circulation card, and he replied with the most gracious letter.
8698	Three years of dating later, João proposed.
8699	Through its Symphony ad sales program, NBCU also features BuzzFeed in its multiplatform sales pitches.
8700	Through Josephine and Lina’s journeys, THE HOUSE GIRL is also a meditation on motherhood, feminism, loss, and, ultimately, redemption.”
8701	Through keen observation and adroit focus, Dalrymple conveys the contradictions of modern India, where deeply rooted and diverse religious practice is of a piece with modern economic life.
8702	Through machine learning and data analytics, intelligent phones will play many roles in everyday life.
8703	Through photos and personal sketches, Murphy explores the importance of the comic strip.
8704	Through that discussion, students learned that some of their classmates felt marginalized at school, didn’t feel a sense of community or belonging, and that gang membership gave them that as well as a sense of belonging, purpose and power.
8705	Through the course of 14 interconnected tracks, Soul Science Lab present a collective vision of black art and culture that expresses the diversity and interconnectedness of African creative thought throughout the diaspora.
8706	Throwing ppl out into the pouring rain with no place to go and not a dime to eat or get anywhere to even get shelter, all due to petty things such as missed security details.
8707	Thunderbolt 3 docks routinely cost between $200 and $300 with a few exceptions greatly higher than that.
8708	Thus, much to my surprise, I found more common ground with this priest than I expected, even when it came to the way he talked about Mary in a church named in her honor.
8709	Thus were sown the seeds of a chronic political problem for the subcontinent.
8710	Thus when matching larger inputs, especially against patterns containing a high degree of alternation, RE2/J may be dramatically faster.
8711	THU TV is about marketing, psychology, entrepreneurship, and much more.
8712	TIAA-CREF and Delaware Management Company collected the top Group Awards.
8713	Tickets range for $45 for individual tickets to $150 for a pair of VIP tickets and can be purchased at ChefsTableAustin.org.
8714	Tied that one myself!
8715	‘Til next time, hosting shoppers!
8716	Times are hard right now.
8717	TIME-SAVER Bringing the broth to a boil beforehand is a time-saving step but can be skipped if there's no hurry.
8718	Time to send Angela Merkel some more of that ready-to-eat cheesecake filling.
8719	Time zone changes can play havoc with sleep and medication schedules.
8720	Timing is an all with turns, not to fast not to slow.
8721	Tim O’Brien’s work caught the ugliness of GIs fighting in Vietnam’s jungles and rice patties but too often, for my taste, wandered into the imaginary refuges of his characters.
8722	Tipping etiquette has recently been called into question in the US as new business models emerge.
8723	Title Profile means the profile created for a book by a Rights Holder when the Rights Holder posts the book on ACX and makes the book available for production as an audiobook on ACX.
8724	TM: Do you feel more at home recording in the studio or out on the road performing for audiences?
8725	TMR, a switch from giant magnetoresistance, increases density in the tape head.
8726	To achieve this, it chose Mendix after an intensive market investigation.
8727	To add further information to the what Bombastus has already provided, you need to keep in mind how ports work and the direction that connections are being made.
8728	To All the Boy’s I’ve Loved Before is about Lara Jean Song Covey who writes love letters to all of the boys she’s loved, but one day the letters she’s keep hidden get sent out.
8729	To assign notifications for the watch, select and move one or more existing notifications from the list.
8730	To avoid this, we decided to mangle names of internal members so that they do not clash with superclass members.
8731	To be fair, the electric vehicle was coming from a long way behind when it comes to design.
8732	"To be recognized for this prestigious award alongside some of the largest companies in the world is truly an honor," says Kimberley Jones, CEO of Vérité.
8733	To be successful, you have to be willing to take risks, and that sometimes means getting in over your head.
8734	To be sure, young whites and young Republicans are not as conservative as older whites and Republicans on every issue.
8735	To be useful, Facebook’s apps and services need to help you sort through all this information so you can better understand the world around you and more effectively communicate with the people who are important to you.
8736	To cancel out the (admittedly epic) noises, you put on some of your own tunes.
8737	To celebrate the book's release, I'm offering five signed copies of the first edition.
8738	To celebrate the latest release in December, we created the “Best of the Dark Side” playlist for fans of the galactic empire and “” for rebels at heart.
8739	To change to the new format, head to Settings -> Camera -> Formats -> High Efficiency.
8740	To check for a new update, head to the Watch app on your iPhone and scroll down in the My Watch tab until you find the General section.
8741	To claim something can’t or doesn’t exist because you cannot perceive it with your 5 senses is not legitimate.
8742	To counter that, operator’s demand messaging products that lower CAPEX and provide value to counter these external competitors.
8743	To create a toolbar, all you have to do is select the “New toolbar” option from the Toolbars submenu and point it to a folder.
8744	Today, as one company under the ownership of Comcast, NBCUniversal continues to build on its legacy of quality and innovation.
8745	Today, at GDC 2016, Intel made.
8746	“Today Basecamp is used by Mimecast to coordinate and control external and internal projects – from simple archive migrations through to more complex large scale deployments for our customers.
8747	Today I found myself thinking about the many children's and young adult books that have changed my life.
8748	TODAY IN HISTORY: Feb. 15 (Robert Joseph Baker, Manning Live).1949 – Gerald Lankester Harding and Roland de Vaux begin excavations at Cave 1 of the Qumran Caves, where they will eventually discover the first seven Dead Sea Scrolls.
8749	Today is forecast to be temperature as yesterday.
8750	Today is Purim, the holiday that celebrates the courage of Esther.
8751	Today is the first down time I have since I decided to quit.
8752	Today it inched closer to a dream of “achieving seamless air travel following the move by 19 regional states to adopt an airspace agreement” amid limited fears that some airlines would be adversely affected by this move due to their weak capital base.
8753	Today marks the 11th birthday of this here blog thing.
8754	Today, MongoDB is one of the two default databases within YouGov.
8755	Today, most of main historic areas have been pedestrianized, giving you the chance to soak up early Cretan architecture or go shopping in sleek, contemporary malls.
8756	Today, MRIs can be completed in minutes.
8757	Today our children are facing so much more than my generation in the 1960s.
8758	Today’s developers need on-demand test environments for continuous testing and on-demand testing.
8759	Today’s freebie is another guest contribution and is every bit as fantastic as the last.
8760	Today, the Gulf Coast has solidified its reputation for producing high-quality fresh seafood.
8761	Today, the presidents of both countries mentioned the conflict in…
8762	Today, Vox Media, Condé Nast, and NBCUniversal announced a new partnership to deliver an unprecedented, unified offering to advertisers.
8763	Today we are taking a look at the Formula Gold 650W power supply from BitFenix, a high-performance unit that trades modular cables for a lower retail price.
8764	Today we celebrate the memory of Maya Angelou.
8765	Today, we meet Chris Cotter, a studio anchor, who joined ESPN in January 2012.
8766	To demonstrate, we'll add another function to our plugin called "debug".
8767	To do this, Digidentity developed services focused on a unique digital identity, where the user and their privacy are key.
8768	To enable SSL for the Workflow API and all managed apps, you can add an SSL certificate to the Deis Workflow router.
8769	To ensure that both parents contribute to this, paternity must be established scientifically or by admission of the father.
8770	Toe pieces on affected bindings will be replaced at no cost to the customer.
8771	To explore the effects of the receptor on the airway, the researchers used a protein called BAM8-22, which is an itch activator that specifically targets the G protein-coupled receptor, to induce a reaction.
8772	To find a particular firm, just search for the name in the search box.
8773	To fix this CD drive problem, make sure the BIOS still lists the CD drive and, if you're trying to boot from it, that it is in the correct place (usually B:) in the drive sequence.
8774	To get additional detail on the metrics provided, click on the double-arrow in the top right of each metrics pane.
8775	Together they clearly the Specter Dow dropped the next president is about it skewed unifying factors you can't.
8776	Together with its moisturizing and antioxidant protecting benefits, beta glucans can provide skincare products with effective methods to enhancing the skin’s overall quality and appearance.
8777	To get you inspired, start here with this roundup of some of our favorite palettes, along with a glimpse at how couples worked them into their big days.
8778	To give ONE the power of targeting these groups without lots of additional work, we automatically make your groups available in Sitrion ONE to target your messages.
8779	To give you a sense, these six networks represent less than 6% of the traffic but nearly 50% of our bandwidth costs.
8780	To give you some added inspiration, we rounded up some of the best developer job listings that we saw on Stack Overflow in 2016.
8781	To greatly reduce the drug and alcohol epidemic affecting our communities.
8782	To have it on a retail shelf, it’s gotta be able to last long periods in packets.
8783	To have valor means to be of value, or to be strong.
8784	To keep her sister Carla from going to jail and her niece out of foster care, Sadie is going all out; she takes the blame when the two sisters, in the wrong place at the wrong time, are accused of a drug deal.
8785	Tokyo Fish has loads of grocery items, as well as a fresh fish counter and pre-made deli foods.
8786	To leverage this investment even further, 74% of U.S. marketers repurpose influencer content on their brand’s social channels and 46% across the sites that they own and operate.
8787	To locate a state website, go to and in Canada, go to to link directly with a provincial site.
8788	To maintain our nation's civility and our collective soul, we must reject the cynical ploys of cutting corporate taxes while saying there is not enough money in the Federal Budget to care for people in need.
8789	To make sure everything is set up correctly, do a quick test.
8790	To make sure that your party pup’s hat is secure, this hat has ear straps and an adjustable toggle that allows you to get a snug, perfect fit.
8791	To make the most of opportunities in this new world, all organizations need to embrace and activate intelligence through digital platforms that are open, agile, and equipped with state-of-the-art AI capabilities.
8792	To meet the U.S. Air Force requirement for air-to-ground missions, the F-15E Strike Eagle was developed.
8793	Tomei has previous experience doing pizza pop-ups and catering, as well as stints at places like Lexington Social House and Gjusta.
8794	Tomorrow I'll move over to the new comment server.
8795	Toobin provides a unique look into the inner workings of The Supreme Court and its influence, as well as how upcoming elections will shape the court and, in turn, the nation.
8796	Too brief for the purpose of this series.
8797	Tools & Garden: The Community: World of Tools & Garden: Poll: What's you favorite type of wine?
8798	Top Banks: Their IT Plans and Investments, 3Q10" (G00209688) has been republished to move HSBC Holdings to the No Publicly Stated Announcements Available section.
8799	To personalize your experience at our website.
8800	To places are taking pre orders for $210 and $220.
8801	Topping the pizza while it’s on the grill?
8802	Top priority for 2018: Get the word out.
8803	Top products, low prices: Modern Family Gifts as low as $3.
8804	To provide a default value for a variable, include a clause.
8805	To put it mildly, this plan is seen as a tough decision at best, and a horribly near-sighted one at worst, as the Kiowas offer an incredibly capable and cost-effective light air support and surveillance solution.
8806	Top with the rest of the meat/veg mixture.
8807	Toronto became a no-incinerator zone under former David Miller before he moved on to head up the World Wildlife Fund of Canada.
8808	Torshin was enthusiastically pro-Trump on social media during the campaign.
8809	To select these things, you either need to tap a button combination to scroll through your inventory or use a pop-out wheel to select items.
8810	To set a proxy for a specific repository only, set setting for more information and examples.
8811	To solve this, we’ve always emphasized simplicity in our product, process and brand identity.
8812	Toss in oil and lemon juice; season with salt and pepper.
8813	To take an adapter offline, run the fcp adapter modify –node <home-node-of-the-port> -adapter <port-name> -state down command.
8814	To take further control of all your school-wide spend, pair your invoice process with your expense data so you have all the information you need in one place.
8815	To that end, the facility’s treatment is customized to the specific needs of the residents.
8816	To the average American raised on potato chips and Wonder Bread (I’m guessing here), factory-produced mayonnaise may as well be “real food.”
8817	To the left is our general reprint policy as it applies to content posted on the Ars Technica website in the HTML format (this policy does not cover PDF content).
8818	To them, slamming on the brakes somehow equals guilt.
8819	To this day I remember Andy’s response, and he made two points.
8820	To this end, we work together with our member associations, the FIFA Medical Centres of Excellence, and other external stakeholders.
8821	Tottenham Hotspur’s lack of activity in the transfer window is no cause for concern and the club will not be rushed into spending for the sake of it, manager Mauricio Pochettino has said.
8822	To understand Liszt, we must first learn a little history of the piano, the instrument he uniquely exploited.
8823	TOUTS are a three piece Punk band from Derry.
8824	To validate your AWS Security Credentials, Docker Cloud tries to dry-run an instance on every region.
8825	To vary the schedule run the applet twice and set different days.
8826	To view your current rewards, be sure to check out the rewards section here: https://www.
8827	To vote by telephone, call the number on your proxy card using a touch-tone phone.
8828	Tracking pixels are a benign way for administrators to gather data about which IP addresses are visiting which pages at what time through simple logging.
8829	Traditionally, this issue occurred only during an upgrade of a cluster to a different NetScaler version (for example, from 10.5 to 11.0).
8830	Transfer domains - only $8.
8831	"Transfer of Memory," portraits of survivors who came to Minnesota, to be shown through Super Bowl.
8832	Transform everyday items into something new and exciting with dye.
8833	Transhumanists have responses to these issues.
8834	Transparent sharing makes it easier for others to find and learn from the postmortem.
8835	Transporting large amounts of grain over long distances generates a lot of CO2 emissions.
8836	Trapped, he knows that Hitler has already lost the war … yet he is suddenly galvanized by the thought that he is on the way to his death.
8837	Travelers, the third-biggest U.S. property and casualty insurer, is one of the first big industry players to report initial loss estimates in the wake of Hurricanes Harvey and Irma.
8838	Traveling from the West Coast?
8839	Treatment must be started before this time to avoid serious complications.
8840	Treatment of lung cancer during pregnancy depends on how far along you are (the gestational age of the baby). and many other factors such as the type and stage of your cancer, molecular profiling, and social support.
8841	Treatment options for people with inhibitors are limited.
8842	Treatment usually includes a safe medical detox period followed by ongoing therapy to help you address the issues that contribute to your desire to use drugs.
8843	Trends and silhouettes in fashion aren't always about 'flattering' a figure.
8844	Tried the 2.6 version today and columns are still a pain in the butt to work with.
8845	Tried this recipe out this morning.
8846	Trigger the mirror on launchpad to import: https://code.
8847	Trillium absolutely erectum and charming DTWOF buttocks help keep my mind (dreamingly …) off the french presidential elections …
8848	Trim Castle (Irish: Caisleán Bhaile Atha Troim) lies in Trim on the shores of the Boyne.
8849	Triphala is an Ayurvedic Indian mixture used to treat constipation and poor bowel tone.
8850	Troegs Mad Elf Grand Cru beer review - Billy PennLove this city as much as we do?
8851	Troll accounts and objectionable content are infesting social media, and Google and Facebook shouldn’t be allowed to mark their own homework.
8852	Troubleshooting Tips from Docker Support EngineersAn unknown error has occurred and your request could not be completed.
8853	Truly inspiring story!
8854	Trump at one point considered the 61-year-old Hazleton Republican for a cabinet post.
8855	Trump began licensing his name in 2004; by 2009, the Trump brand was bringing in $215 million in sales worldwide.
8856	Trump has been talking his way out of things his whole life and probably truly believes if he can just get an hour in a room with Mueller he can outfox him the way he did with Putin and Kim.
8857	Trump imposed 25 percent and 10 percent tariffs, respectively, on steel and aluminum imported from the EU in June, spurring the EU to retaliate with its own tariffs on U.S. steel and agriculture imports.
8858	Trump might be a pawn of Putin, but not in the way the media like to portray it.
8859	Trump said, taking the stage.
8860	Try a focus-group moderator, reporter or a talk show host.
8861	Try finding a neighborhood street that doesn’t have the two hour restriction.
8862	Trying to reach your market places you know they are is even more difficult.
8863	Try our YAMM Polls, and you'll be impressed by the results!
8864	Try punching in your salary to see how it changes in “Tax-a-chusetts.”
8865	Try reading my review, and you might find that I say — repeatedly — that the “camerabatics”, animation, and physicality are all very impressive.
8866	Try ReCap Pro free for 30 days and use laser scan and photo data to create 2D and 3D models.
8867	Try the 250, 500 or 1000 Words A Day Challenge »
8868	Try to remove the Bootstrap Files from this or disabling this extension.
8869	Try to stay away from people who obviously have colds or the flu.
8870	TSOs form just one part of the airport-security apparatus.
8871	Tsukiko, thirty-eight, works in an office and lives alone.
8872	Tuesday during a show cause hearing, Judge Daniel A. O'Brien continued that restraining order, saying his job was to protect Mr. and Mrs. Kapp, who are now in their 90s.
8873	Tulip tears up.
8874	Tuncer Ciftci even attempts to headbutt the animal, who managed to dodge most of his punches.
8875	“Turn left at Marketplatz.
8876	Turn the other half of the onion into thin slices.
8877	TV is getting more addressable, and HH addressable TV may be 6% cheaper than programmatic display.
8878	Twenty-four hours in, the team is ready to make an arrest, but Detective Silvia has his doubts.
8879	Two new drugs specifically targeting migraine prevention could be available in 2018.
8880	Two of our biggest pillars are sharing and simplicity.
8881	Two of the three directors of Virgin Galactic: Sir Richard Branson (left) and George Whitesides (right).
8882	Two rounds of large iced lattes, no problem.
8883	Two weeks after the Charlotte Regional Partnership shipped a custom-made wooden box with the region’s bid to Amazon in Seattle, officials held a news conference to discuss the proposal.
8884	Two wings is a little more of a challenge – have a grownup in the room.
8885	Types of burger made by various manufacturers are much the same everywhere.
8886	Typically, the authentic fragments of the True Cross are so few and so rare that they are affordable to only the wealthiest of persons.
8887	Typically, usability tests are conducted with about five participants.
8888	Typing values into the options bar in Photoshop (e.g. to set brush size or crop dimension) is no longer problematic.
8889	UA announced alcohol will be sold from a limited number of concession stands at the stadium.
8890	Uber had suspended testing of its self-driving vehicles in Arizona, Pittsburgh, San Francisco and Toronto while regulators investigated the cause of the March 18 crash.
8891	Ubuntu is currently sold across the world, pre-loaded on hardware from partners including Dell, HP and Lenovo.
8892	UCoD is based on the concept of immediate data visualization, meaning that the data is visualized as it gets collected and shared immediately with the audience to give them feedback throughout the performance.
8893	UFE supports and helps build social movements for greater equality.
8894	Ugh—fish, soup, burnt toast…all these smells can be hard to eliminate from your kitchen and can linger for days!
8895	Ugh - I need ALL these sept issues!
8896	U Got The Look, a song by Prince on SpotifyWe - and our partners - use cookies to deliver our services and to show you ads based on your interests.
8897	U have fabolous collection of recipes and I simply love ur photography skill.
8898	Uh, uh, how much do you guys know about like the way the NBA works?
8899	Ukrainian Ministry of Health statistics documented a rise in chronic bronchitis and emphysema from around 300 per 10,000 population in 1990 to over 500 per 10,000 in the adult and adolescent population in 2004.
8900	"Underground" will be first (if the libe has it)--I didn't know about that one.
8901	Under no circumstances will Splash be ultimately responsible for payments to be made on behalf of Event Planners.
8902	Under Rahul Gandhi’s distinguished leadership, our party will scale new heights.
8903	Understanding the performance cost of drawing techniques on iOS can be tricky.
8904	Under the law, when an apartment became vacant, a landlord could tack on an interest and add thousands of dollars in improvements to bump up what was a rent-stabilized apartment past the $2,000 threshold (now $2,500).
8905	Under the new law, furniture need not be able to withstand an open flame—because a majority of home fires do not start from raw, open flames—but it does need to guard against a smoldering object like a dropped cigarette.
8906	"Under very modest and special circumstances, you can toss one qubit into a black hole and then recover its state, and hence the information that it carried."
8907	Undo any recent changes and wait to see if your rankings revert back.
8908	Unfortunately, after inviting the Los Angeles Times to write an extensive profile extolling the liquid treasures of his collection, Roth finds himself the victim of a world-class wine heist.
8909	Unfortunately, antidepressants are rarely successful because they fail to address the real underlying causes of fatigue in these patients.
8910	Unfortunately, as the comment above has clearly pointed out, users don’t think like that.
8911	Unfortunately, Christianity was a deadly harsh and narrow world view as take on by the Puritans, and brooked no opposition from anyone who clung to old traditions.
8912	Unfortunately for my health, that meant more frozen or dry food and pre-prepared meals, and fewer fresh fruits and vegetables.
8913	Unfortunately, I'm not sure anyone in this forum will be able to help you.
8914	Unfortunately in many cases parents and teachers only communicate when there is a cause of concern for the child.
8915	Unfortunately, my students tend to be the opposite of me-- they dress fashionably but don't want to read about it.
8916	Unfortunately, our stores of the stuff deplete with age, which is why adding it now is the best thing you can do.
8917	Unfortunately, Saleh, the elites, and citizens each have different ideas for the government and future.
8918	Unfortunately, those shots didn’t turn out super great.
8919	Unfortunately, we know that the VAT for Germany is not correct, just as most other EU countries.
8920	Unique, cool, hip, and serene, this college town has the unparalleled natural beauty and cultural vibrancy to make your trip unforgettable.
8921	United States of America Consumer Discretionary Dollar General Corporation is an American chain of variety stores headquartered in Goodlettsville, Tennessee.
8922	United States overtures to make Japan a threat would alienate everyone and solve nothing.
8923	Unity, boldness, humble confidence, craftsmanship and integrity are some of the characteristics LaneTerralever champions in employees.
8924	Unless they're at camp, their heads are buried in their iPads.
8925	Unless we are talking of gameobject with attached mesh, particles generators or similar I can’t think of a reason where it is useful to use them.
8926	Unless you’re planning on hauling a lot of video around, it’s more than enough memory for most purposes.
8927	Unlike Amazon, we also offer the software that powers our public cloud to enterprises who want to run their own data centers.
8928	Unlike marijuana does it have any medical use?
8929	Unlike nuts, which are grown on trees, peanuts grow underground.
8930	Unlike other builders in Chennai, NEST always senses the trends and tastes of the urban living which can be witnessed by our projects.
8931	Unlike the old traders, however, August does not bring news.
8932	Unlike the whipped cream you'll find at the grocery store, the homemade kind is best served fresh.
8933	Unlike the writer, I am thrilled by the appearance of “who dat” wear around the world.
8934	Unnikrishnan’s debut of (very) loosely interlinked stories is set in the United Arab Emirates, the country where he grew up, but can never claim as “home.”
8935	Until Amazon allows me to throw all my music into a free locker and allows me to stream from it (like Google does), I’m not too interested.
8936	Until her best friend Jorianne James introduces her to entrepreneur Bryan Baker who invests in promising prospects.
8937	Until I read this, I’d forgotten that I’d read the first two books in the series (The Secret Diaries of Miss Miranda CheeverWhat Happens in London).
8938	Until I was knee deep into research on the women’s suffrage movement for my 2011 book Marching With Aunt Susan: Susan B. Anthony and the Fight for Women’s Suffrage.
8939	Until news from you I wish you all the best!
8940	Until now, Britain has been lucky in its radical parties, argues Rob Ford of the University of Manchester.
8941	Until then, the photographs had been stored a long distance from where their owners were now living and so volunteers had to take the photographs to temporary housing complexes in search of their owners.
8942	Until then, without proper security and data protection measures in place, the risk of falling victim to ransomware remains high.
8943	Until this class of bug is stamped out, Chromium has your back.
8944	Unusual error in setkeyv with data.
8945	Unwilling to let their church choir shutter after the men are drafted, the ladies of Chilbury take the reigns and transform the choir into a place of solace, strength and kinship.
8946	Updated at 10:29am pacific to clarify pricing on the TiVo Mini with lifetime service.
8947	Up front there’s a 5.84-inch 19:9 LCD 2280×1080 display which has a notch up top.
8948	Upgrade your home’s entertainment when you shop for all-in-one wireless music systems at Sonos.
8949	Upon arriving at the site, they were greeted by an from the other Earth, which asked them to come with him.
8950	Upon deactivation of your account, we will minimize the personal data we keep about you only to such data which we are required to keep to comply with laws, or other legal reasons.
8951	Upon hearing that news I feel I can relate to the emotions held by Charlton Heston at the end of Planet of Apes.
8952	Up to 3 inches of rain per hour fell in some spots up in northern Arizona!
8953	Up to 450 die from salmonella poisoning annually.
8954	Up to 50% of an average air-cooled data center's energy consumption and carbon footprint is not caused by computing but by powering the necessary cooling systems to keep the processors from overheating.
8955	U said replace msfpayload line, i dont really understand how.
8956	US-based tech executive hosts coaching and masterclasses to provide ‘unfair advantage’
8957	Use a bench scraper to fold the apples into the dough, gently pressing them together.
8958	Use basic database theory to design a relational SQL database, SQL tables and create complex queries.
8959	Used in bath product, body wash, conditioner, deodorant, facial cleanser, fragrance, liquid soap and shampoo.
8960	Use once a week.
8961	User enters “red”, which is also a value in the color facet.
8962	Users and advertisers are as likely to move to Google as to Windows Live, MSN and Microsoft’s aQuantive advertising unit.
8963	Users can filter results by sport or team, and also use push notifications for specific game occurrences (game start, quarter start, score change, etc.).
8964	Users have the option at any time to request that they be removed from HomeschoolingSupply's list for provision of promotional materials.
8965	Use the same definition as for a grid column.
8966	Use this dashboard to track your quality management metrics.
8967	Use those 3 menu areas to your reader will easily to browse your website.
8968	Using a 150 or 180 grit file should be enough.
8969	Using cookie cutters, cut out flower shapes from the various melons and then cut out circles in the centre of each flower.
8970	Using mostly flat colors she creates an animated style reminiscent of certain cartoons from the 1950s and '60s.
8971	Using referral marketing with tag management will make you money.
8972	Using remote config easily solved this problem for us.
8973	Using the conventional radar, it is difficult to see the hook-shape of the radar echo, while the TDWR clearly depicts the hook echo, as well as the Rear-Flank Downdraft (RFD) curling into the hook.
8974	Using the Latin roots rupt and junct, create a list of words related to breaking and joining.
8975	Using the wet collodion process, the subjects appear to have their ink magically removed in portraits hung next to modern digital photos creating a surreal before and after effect.
8976	U.S. intelligence agencies concluded last year that Moscow meddled in the 2016 campaign to try to tip the vote in Trump’s favour.
8977	U.S. oil and gas companies are 'still trying to catch up' on cybersecurity, experts say - CyberscoopU.
8978	U.S. prices have fallen somewhat in recent weeks, since China enacted its own set of soybean tariffs.
8979	Usually a cherry packs everything they have with them and would end up discarding things that might have been appropriate on some later trip because the weight of the excess and the jungle heat would begin to tell on him.
8980	Usually, affairs of presidents are not with porn stars.”
8981	Usually, Dickens novels will do that for me, especially “David Copperfield”.
8982	UX design students who opt for the Voice Design with Amazon Alexa course will learn how to create user flows for different types of voice interactions and how to interpret natural voice cues.
8983	Vacuuming at least once week—sometimes more for allergy sufferers—can help, but taking carpets outside for a good beating is an overlooked necessity.
8984	Variety is also important.
8985	Veida will be home soon, and Bux."
8986	Vendor-independent network teaming allows combining of multiple network interfaces into a single fault-tolerant or load-balancing group for better performance and availability.
8987	Vercellino: This year, we'll follow the security trend.
8988	Verdict: Pass, unless you’re looking for an easily planned family getaway.
8989	Verifies the input value is a function with a method on its prototype.
8990	Verizon CaaS allowed Global Gossip to create its virtual machines (VMs) by logging into the CaaS portal in Sydney and provision VMs in San Jose within 10 minutes.
8991	Versatile auto power zoom coverage allows you to smoothly cover lenses as wide as 24mm and up to 120mm in FX-format.
8992	Very entertaining and touching.
8993	Very excited by this news!
8994	Very handy for McDonalds for a late night snack.
8995	Very likely they will do more, requiring the user to consent to open a page, and then to block the pages outright.”
8996	Very well written, leaving nothing out, including the loss that all of the people of New Orleans felt.
8997	Vienna, the nation’s capital, became Europe’s center for classical music innovation.
8998	Viewing these reports requires Adobe Reader be installed on your device.
8999	View Our Deepest Pain, Our Greatest Calling - Inspirations.
9000	Viewpoint discrimination fails that test.
9001	View the latest posts from Magnolia's social channels.
9002	Villa Crespo is hipster central and those who end up at 878 fit the part so well, they might be extras in a Sofia Coppola flick.
9003	Village Runner 4th of July 5K presented by UCLA HealthYour browser has JavaScript disabled.
9004	Vinayak has his own reasons for befriending Kunal, and after Kunal is beaten and runs away, he opens up his modest home to him.
9005	Vincent and Vladic have delivered an account that stands out through its crisp writing and superb research.
9006	Vinograd Vienna 638. Roest 956. Printed on rag paper.
9007	Virtual Open Systems SAS is a French company that provides virtualization hardware and software solutions for mixed critically, heterogeneous, embedde.
9008	Visitors and residents of Vancouver alike will find that info from the Vancouver Events and Vancouver News section of the website particularly useful.
9009	Visit the Church of San Giorgio Maggiore.
9010	Visit www.simondavidson.com.au for more.
9011	Vital ET™ biofunctional is a unique bio-functional complex of tocopheryl phosphate (Vitamin E derivative) designed for sensitive skin, which helps reduce the appearance of redness and swelling on skin.
9012	VIVAX seeks to replicate the performance of the index by investing a proportion of its assets in each stock as its weighting in the index.
9013	Voice control demos always seem to be nervous moments for presenters – will they be understood?
9014	Voiceware will leverage QTS Miami’s secure, reliable and highly available IT infrastructure for its mission-critical applications.
9015	VoIP service with unified communication features to improve productivity.
9016	Volkswagen in Google quantum computer research partnership Volkswagen has entered into a research partnership with Google to use one of its universal quantum computers.
9017	Volpi beat out brands like Traiano and Tropiano, for prêt-à-porter and for the accessories category and will show at Pitti Uomo a second time.
9018	Volunteer a full day, run a Tough Mudder 5K, Tough Mudder Half or Tough Mudder Full or FREE.
9019	Volvo also announced this week that it has taken a stake in a start-up called Luminar, which is developing an advanced lidar system -- a key sensor for autonomous vehicles.
9020	“Volvo is a very strong brand and I am proud to be part of the Volvo Group.” he says.
9021	VR will likely continue to be used in the military where simulators have long been commonplace (see side bar: Simulators and the military).
9022	Vulnerabilities on sites hosted by third parties (blog.rainforest.com, analytics, info.
9023	Vulnerability detection is basically like telling you which doors you have unlocked.
9024	Wagner compares this to Noma’s first year: “They didn’t know what they were doing; it was an experiment.”
9025	Wait for Me, Caraval and Wintersong sound so incredible!
9026	Walker found her tiny house was not big enough for two dogs and two cats.
9027	Walsh and Baker have a good working relationship, and though the mayor said “anyone can be beaten,” when pressed whether Baker should be, he responds, “that’s something the voters will decide—should he be or should he not be.”
9028	Wanna really turn your stomach?
9029	Want more ice cream recipes?
9030	Want to attend the event in 2019?
9031	Want to make your search results stand out in Google and Bing?
9032	Ward teaches creative writing workshops at high schools and colleges around the country, tutors individual poetry students, and edits poetry manuscripts.
9033	Warm temperatures and lively festivals draw visitors in droves.
9034	Wartburg College Bookstore is a vibrant bookstore on the beautiful campus of Wartburg College and operated by the College.
9035	Washington Consensus) is the dominant ideology of the political class in Washington D.C., shared by both legacy parties.
9036	WASHINGTON -- House Republicans advanced legislation aimed at increasing the use of health savings accounts (HSAs) despite objections from Democrats who argue that the accounts don't help working-class Americans with their health insurance.
9037	“Was it worth it?” they asked.
9038	Was looking for a pair of knee-high boots for quite some time.
9039	“Was my experience of the film enriched by the book?
9040	Wasn't this on here a few months ago?
9041	Waste is in everywhere, in our source code, in the office, in our processes and even in management.
9042	Was the story shared on other channels?
9043	Was travelling for a wedding so hotel was nearest to venue.
9044	‘Watching this is like doing a crossword puzzle written by a dyslexic lunatic.’
9045	Watch now and see who goes through to the next round.
9046	Watch season 1 of her late-night talk show now.
9047	Watch the movie "The Final Cut" with Robin Williams, and you will see what I am talking about.
9048	We accept Visa, MasterCard, American Express, Discover Card, and PayPal.
9049	We actually found the Lit and His purely by accident on our way down to rue St Jean for supper one night!
9050	We agree that grains support more people.
9051	We all had better hope this is not the case!
9052	We all have moments when we feel that life has become boring or tedious and though a chnage of job or career might seem the answer that's noty always possible, especially in these tough times.
9053	We all know that meeting people has the potential to be awkward, so plan out some good questions ahead of time.
9054	We all start as street photographers.
9055	“We all want to raise the quality of evidence in this space,” said Sunil Iyengar, director of the NEA’s Office of Research and Analysis.
9056	We also explore how the adoption of cloud, mobile and social technologies – all interlinked with the Internet of Things – is dissolving traditional barriers across the government, and offer the Gartner research note referenced above in its entirety.
9057	We also have quick and easy recipes for appetizer, sides, and desserts that can be made in under 20 minutes.
9058	We also look at why successful entrepreneurs need to be willing to embrace contrary opinions.
9059	We also need practical knowledge.
9060	We also offer private-car or shared-ride transfers, along with tours to the Great Wall and more.
9061	We also stew the fresh fruit into sauces for dessert, or into braising liquid for brisket.
9062	We always recommend conducting surveys the old-fashioned way with pen and paper at the event.
9063	We always screamed and giggled when they did that.
9064	We apply in these collaborations the same principles as we apply to our own research.
9065	We are adding support for more APIs all the time – if we’re missing one you need.
9066	“We are committed to a very principled approach to AI,” Williams said today.
9067	We are constantly discovering new little tricks and hacks that make tracking our sales and customer service activities that much easier.”
9068	“We are grateful that the Obama administration has finally issued written guidelines that we can take into court when we fight deportations,” Soloway said.
9069	We are home to enthusiastic book-loving employees who are dedicated to connecting books to readers in new and innovative ways.
9070	We are looking forward to meet our colleagues from the Chinese ITS industry and create another opportunity for advancements in the mobility industry”, said Jacob Bangsgaard, CEO of ERTICO.
9071	"We are now of the belief that this model can greatly benefit the Putin Government if employed at the correct levels with the appropriate commitment to success," Manafort wrote in the 2005 memo to Deripaska.
9072	We are overconfident for many, many reasons.
9073	We are proud to be a top development and marketing partner with Magento.
9074	“We are saddened by this tragic event, and our deepest sympathies go out to those impacted.
9075	We are seeking SAFE Class A CDL TRUCK Drivers--- MAKE $1000 Minimum Weekly---GUARANTEED. to join our team!
9076	We are so sorry to tell you that our Visible Lift Blur Blush has been discontinued and we have none available for you to purchase.
9077	We are still on the GAPS diet about a year later, and have moved all the way through intro to the full diet.
9078	"We are very fortunate in our region to have the gold standard available across our Northland — face-to-face counseling and guidance for using nicotine replacements and the other FDA-approved cessation products."
9079	We arrive Hong Kong June 21st and wish to go to Disneyland 22nd.
9080	Wears Valley is peaceful but covieniently located to attractions.
9081	We ask affiliates to please refrain from bidding on the brand name "WinAbode", "winabode.
9082	We asked James for recommendation.
9083	We basically have to make an educated guess about what they want.
9084	Web browsers such as Chrome, Firefox, Safari, Edge and Internet Explorer display a padlock icon in the browser bar to indicate that a server is using HTTPS.
9085	Webdriver tells the browser what to do.
9086	We began coming up with explanations for it, back and forth, two fiction writers constructing implausible scenarios, looking for a way it could have happened.
9087	We began researching and experimenting.
9088	“We believe our partners are a key element to our next phase of growth.
9089	We believe that information protection is a central element of corporate responsibility for every company today.
9090	We believe this company's primary business is in the facilitation or serving of 3rd party interest-based advertising.
9091	We bought this one for the and it earned its stars right there in about one hour as it carved everything from baguettes to roast beef with disarming ease.
9092	We built Ionic to be a blank slate that you can easily customize and modify to fit your brand, while still following the standards of each platform.
9093	We can do it, but we can’t do it cheaply and efficiently and universally.
9094	We can get frozen and dried ones, but the frozen tend to collapse on cooking and the dried ones have an intensified flavour and lack texture.
9095	We can practically hear summer calling with this vibrantly-printed set.
9096	We can use bit operations to track view activity by creating a key unique to that article and setting bits corresponding to the ID of the user viewing the given article.
9097	We choose Vue over React and Angular for a project last year, and have not regretted it.
9098	We chose to adapt the Kingmaker adventure path because it features a host of open-world mechanics, allowing players to experience the story at their own pace as they explore the Stolen Lands, which will challenge you as both an adventurer and a ruler.
9099	“We clearly want to make important changes that will dramatically improve the way negotiation takes place inside the Medicare program.”
9100	We continue to develop products for our platform, and to develop partnerships globally to increase relevant local content on our platform, with the goal of increasing our user engagement and improving the overall user experience.
9101	We could see part of David’s palace and Israelite ruins.
9102	We decided to meet up in Paris in 2007 and I begged, turned somersaults, you name it, for Corey to bring along the rose teacup so I could paint it.
9103	We did go see the movie, which was OK.
9104	We didn't want the Wild to suffer from this aggressiveness of Patches forever.
9105	We disclose your information to our affiliates or subsidiaries.
9106	We'd like to extend a huge "Thank you!" to Psarus for his continued efforts in our community!
9107	Wednesday, January 28, 2004 · 5:15 pm ·
9108	We do, however, take reservations for parties of 5 or more.
9109	We do not sell your personal data to third parties.
9110	We don’t do family devotions, except maybe once a month or so.
9111	“We don’t have any problem with transparency, but there’s been a lot of misinformation out there,” Markwart said.
9112	We don’t have the research budgets of hedge funds nor the kind of priviledged information that insiders get.
9113	We do what our students do: we never name names.
9114	"We'd play for hours.
9115	We drank it in.
9116	We drive to work.
9117	We’d tried to cover all of our bases and, naively, hadn’t considered that we might encounter this problem.
9118	"Weeds," a show about a suburban single mom who grows and sells marijuana to support her family, started out with such promise.
9119	Weekends are a great time to earn money helping people move.
9120	We ended up exchanging a number of messages actually.
9121	We enjoyed Lisa's lively conversations on the bus and well as her expert knowledge of the areas we visited.
9122	We feel that between ads (they are very relevant now!) snippets from websites, and Google+ commentary we can give you the answer without wasting time to visit any website.
9123	We felt very much at home.
9124	We found we have some writers and creative minds among us!
9125	We frequently used the emulator tool in DevTools during development, especially in Chrome Canary which has new improved features and lots of presets.
9126	We got a (very) quick hands-on with this ultra-premium laptop and here is what we think!
9127	We go to church, and then come home and eat breakfast. i usually finish whatever homework i have left over.
9128	“We got the information from it on Twitter but I didn’t go,” Triguera said unable to remember other details.
9129	We guarantee the best possible protection that leverages all potentials – today and tomorrow.
9130	We had a great time drinking, laughing and talking about anything and everything.
9131	We had an excellent tour guide, Maria.
9132	We had a pirate-loaded ball.
9133	We had a purpose.
9134	"We had been contacted by a number of cities and locations nearby but ultimately felt that we wanted to try to stay local," said NEMBF owner Tom Lyons.
9135	We had lunch at Kita no Donburi Japanese Restaurant for it’s proximity to Whitney’s work place.
9136	We hate to relinquish the well-turned phrase, the sparkling line of dialogue, the oh-so-clever joke.
9137	We have a demo up at http://www.geniedb.com/demo that shows just that.
9138	We have a little something for you at the end of the show.
9139	We have all had unlikely dreams and had to overcome obstacles to achieve them.
9140	We have also added an “Open Folder” button which will open a new Windows Explorer window in the folder where the video you clicked on resides.
9141	"We have closed Good Cup on the Mesa for massive renovations," the company said in a statement.
9142	We have extensive experience handling environmental assessments and environmental impact statements prepared under the National Environmental Policy Act and similar state statutes.
9143	We have opposed this tax bill.
9144	“We have seen a nice mix of customers who are already fans of the brand and those being introduced to it for the first time,” said Olivia Kim, VP of creative projects for the department store.
9145	We have tens of thousands of days to live and one is small potatoes in comparison.
9146	WeHo eventually became one of the gayest cities in the country as the result of its location, just outside of the Los Angeles city limits.
9147	We hope you enjoy the app.
9148	We humans love visual euphoria, at least on a unconscious level.
9149	We inaugurated the Nestlé Institute of Health Sciences, added two new units in China, a new centre in India and opened a global centre for clinical trials in Switzerland.
9150	We invited Emily Nussbaum, the Pulitzer Prize-winning television critic for The New Yorker to talk with us about Trump’s obsession with TV and what shows we should consider watching in the wake of Trump.
9151	We know from our original Inside the Second investigations that Nvidia has been integrating some form of frame-pacing technology in its GPUs for several generations now.
9152	"We know wilderness areas are really important for biodiversity and the planet, but at the moment no international agreements are working to protect them," Jones said.
9153	We know you’re playing a game and we know you’re using us as chess pieces.
9154	We launched CoinTracker on PH (https://www.
9155	Welcome to Great Moments in Drunken Hookup Failure, where we showcase four heartwarming true stories of drunken love gone horribly awry.
9156	Welcome to the conclusion of this series.
9157	Welcoming Mommy Points, Best Family-Friendly Airlines, Shoe Suggestions for Frequent Flyers and MoreMaximize your travel.
9158	Welcoming Tim, Jeff, and Josh to the Bugsnag team!
9159	We learned River’s secret; Mal took on the Alliance.
9160	We learned to eat the filling and leave the crust…and that’s what my children do now.
9161	We'll be partying with Novoa and our partner Caviar at in Chicago on July 17th.
9162	Well deserved five stars!
9163	We’ll examine how these approaches address the migration challenges associated with data-heavy workloads and how each supports your enterprise’s cloud vision (for cost-efficiency, business agility, etc.) while in the cloud.
9164	We’ll give you a step by step action plan, in order of importance, so you can concentrate on the areas that will yield the best ROI, first.
9165	“Well, I’m not showing you on here, which means we don’t have confirmation of your payment.
9166	Wellinger puts his second jump deep and finishes it with a beautiful landing.
9167	Well, I think you know where I fall (chuckles), but I’ll summarize it for you quick.
9168	Well, it’s handy for when I’m on deadline, because I don’t feel bad about being inside.
9169	Well, its not the most polished cake but I'm pleased with how it turned out.
9170	Well, I wasn’t really sure what was going to happen with System when it came to making an album, so I kind of waited.
9171	Well now, the author of the Murder She Wrote series of novels along with his wife and collaborator have started a--well, Murder, they Published.
9172	We’ll show you how to eliminate this conflict between your router and your broadband gateway.
9173	Well since this update my tv loses signal from my piktv box about once every 5 minutes or so for 1-2 seconds and then comes back.
9174	Wells’s nuclear bombs were very different from the ones eventually built, although the physicist Leo Szilard did read the book about a year before conceiving of the nuclear chain reactions that made real atomic weaponry possible.
9175	Well, that's the million dollar question, Myra."
9176	Well, the reason for this is actually quite functional.
9177	Well there was no negotiation honestly.
9178	Well, these buildings aren’t just office buildings.
9179	Well, they are hard to develop.
9180	Well, they did!
9181	Well, this week I found at least one voice of confirmation.
9182	Well, those Italians have a lot of time to sit for a seven-course dinner.
9183	Well TIB, in all our years this will be the first time I have strongly disagreed with one of your reviewers.
9184	We’ll use falco to monitor the pipe installer process and its children and flag suspicious activity.
9185	Well, winter finally decided to visit.
9186	Well, you have to eat something.
9187	Well, your Post was very helpful to me.
9188	We look for the of its truth content as a means to test its functional validity.
9189	We look forward to seeing the innovative ways you’ll use these new products.
9190	We love almond desserts.
9191	Welsh dragon shifter Ian Madoc doesn’t understand the strange dream connection he shares with an unknown, beautiful woman.
9192	We maintain a strict no-logs policy, which means we do not collect or retain any logs of the activity of our users.
9193	We may compare ourselves to others and find that we don’t measure up to another’s looks, accomplishments, athletic ability, etc. and decide we are unworthy.
9194	We may offer your book at a price below your list price.
9195	We may say that images are worth a thousand words, but if you don’t plan for fast loading times, they actually won’t be worth very much at all.
9196	We nearly screwed it up for Livia, too.
9197	We need to vote for the best candidates to deliver better, not more, government.
9198	We never would've dreamed that people would travel so far to get here," Bexley says, shaking his head.
9199	We open for online delegate registration on 14 November 2017.
9200	We ordered pad thai, red curry with vegetables (it's too good to resist), and tofu tod, which are squares of fried tofu served with a sweet, peanuty sauce.
9201	We our top ten picks for hydrating lip balms and emollients for winter, here!
9202	We pick the Padron Peppers when they are about an inch to an inch and half long.
9203	We pride ourselves on attention to detail and on your companies success.
9204	We really get to see Norah’s various mental illnesses and how they affect her and her life.
9205	“We really owe those jews at ProPublica,” wrote one member.
9206	We really value the team, the customer, the partners, the technology.
9207	We receive and store any information you enter on the Service or provide to us in any other way.
9208	We received a number of thoughtful replies, and we wanted to keep the conversation going.
9209	We're checking with our ad network to resolve the issue.
9210	We recommend picking up a micro:bit AA battery holder as well to power your board.
9211	We recommend you contact the Illinois Department of Revenue to verify which government agencies you will be required to register with.
9212	“We’re going to make Very Cherry Ghiardelli cheesecake sundaes.
9213	“We’re going to work this out.
9214	We regularly review agency contracts and deliverables against our own minimum standards and I encourage you to do the same.
9215	We're just not.
9216	We’re just trying a few things before we start on the WTE.
9217	We're just using two sets of quotation marks for the sake of our example, sacrificing sound grammar for technology.
9218	'We're not out of the woods'Jump to media playerHundreds of structures have been destroyed and thousands of people evacuated in California wildfires.
9219	We’re now working toward a new goal: keep up the momentum and continue tracking 1 million hours every year.
9220	We're off for a couple of days, here's one of our fave "so true" retros.
9221	We’re paying sexy service to our military every Sunday with til 1a!
9222	We’re pleased to announce that discount codes are now automatically available to all merchants on our Basic plan.
9223	We’re showcasing your dedication to helping books succeed by giving your reviews the platform they deserve, to increase their visibility and value.
9224	Were these stories prepared in advance?
9225	We see a vivid expression of this truth in the story of the Holets family of New Mexico.
9226	We show how you can dress your game characters with high-definition interactive simulated clothing using APEX tools, and provide a real world example in an MMOG engine.
9227	We simply need to unregister the app to GCM servers, remove the registration Id from memory.
9228	We spoke with author Adam Silvera about his life philosophy, the importance of queer stories, his upcoming projects and more.
9229	Wes, seems that this page is jammed and(or) has wrong layout, I tried to get content using IE and Chrome.
9230	We started looking at making a change to our 140-character limit by performing a Tweet-length analysis to validate our hypotheses that more characters for certain languages would lead to less frustration with Tweeting and fewer abandoned Tweets.
9231	We start the day out with “The Wettest Parade in the West”, play all day in the water, enjoy a BBQ and then watch the fireworks put on by the local fire department.
9232	We stayed at the Imperial Palace when we were there, and it was certainly cheap and fab and all that.
9233	West Bengal Panchayat election date announced.
9234	We strongly encourage you to check out the VR Developer Nanodegree program.
9235	“We take safety very seriously here,” he said.
9236	We then came together for opening remarks, and then mentors and mentees broke off to meet for 45 minutes one-on-one.
9237	We think it's one of the finest children's audiobooks of the year, and it also won the 2003 Audie for Children's Titles Ages 8+.
9238	We urge other companies along the palm oil value chain to follow the lead shown by Unilever".
9239	We use daily data.
9240	We used to use plastic trays, and every time we shipped, sometimes because of the temperature of the dry ice inside the package, the plastic trays would become very brittle and in some cases they would shatter while they were in transit.
9241	We’ve been able to connect our students with an Olympic athlete, a developer from the Xbox team, a marketing manager at Amazon, a rescue diver, a Disney Imagineer, authors and many more.
9242	We’ve given you 10 ways to do that, so get cracking!
9243	We’ve made great strides toward increased accessibility and in making our products mobile responsive.
9244	“We’ve never had anything like that outside of a war or a recession.”
9245	We’ve put together this list of potentially harmful/irritating ingredients that you may want to keep an eye out for the next time you’re in the makeup aisle.
9246	We've run into that situation as well.
9247	”We want equitable transit that doesn’t displace people, and we want to make sure that we’re also focused on housing,” Douglas says.
9248	We want it all, yes, but we don’t to feel guilty about it.
9249	We want natural results so we know to pull the skin in a natural direction, which is vertical instead of pulling back.
9250	“We want the ratings to matter to people,” said Matt Olesh, chair of the Bar’s Young Lawyers Division.
9251	"We want to win, and we want to win now."
9252	We were on our way to somewhere else and kept walking.
9253	We were pleasantly surprised to learn that this is where Strawberry Joe's relocated and reincarnated after the fire that closed the original location.
9254	We were together for seven months.
9255	We were unable to find any results for your request, please review your search criteria.
9256	We will act and we will work."
9257	We will be on a limited posting schedule today and Friday; we will return to normal updates on Monday, December 1st.
9258	We will check out Spirit when we make it to the USA!
9259	We will confirm that your item is in stock and notify you via email or phone to let you know your order is ready for pick up!
9260	We will do our best to insure compatibility of BibleWorks 10 with future Mac OS changes but the situation is more complex than with the PC platform.
9261	We will never forget it.
9262	We will not disclose Target Device Data to any third party without your prior written consent or pursuant to court or administrative order.
9263	We will present key performance insights — best and worst practices, gotchas, and tuning recommendations — based on analyzing the behavior and performance of millions of Spark applications.
9264	We will update here.
9265	We worked with the NASCAR.com team to include as much information as we could in a small 320-pixel wide column on the site.
9266	We work with world renowned body image experts and leading universities to develop evidence based educational tools that have a proven positive tangible impact on young people’s self-esteem.
9267	We would clean out our jail cells if we decriminalized," Muench said.
9268	We yelled along to “Gigantic,” “Here Comes Your Man,” “Undone (The Sweater Song)” and “Say It Ain’t So” until we were hoarse.
9269	What a blessing it was to be spared the flames, friends told her.
9270	What a deep learning system can supply is the kind of customized job and skill matching that typically would require a dedicated employee.
9271	What a fantastic crop this week!
9272	What a great, organized way to stay current with reading lists and challenges.
9273	What am amazing and affordable way to simulate gallery framing….who thought of that?
9274	What am I cooking today?
9275	What animals have seen at the beach?
9276	What a perfect ending to a truly wonderful month of poems.
9277	What are one or two decaying branches that you need to address this season?
9278	What are some ways I can help prevent breast cancer?
9279	What are the advantages of using nitrous compared to other performance options?
9280	What Are the Fiduciary Duties of Spouses?
9281	What are the other benefits of using PayPal?
9282	What Are the Signs and Symptoms of Kidney Cancer?
9283	What are you doing out there?”
9284	What better use of all that nervous energy?
9285	What branch of the United States government does Techdirt represent?
9286	What Brooks sets up is a world where those who get to be part of the discourse of power have to be approved by those who are already part of the discourse.
9287	What can children learn from this story?
9288	What Can I Do With the SDK?
9289	What can we do to improve and evolve the science of implementing new technology as much as we’ve improved the technology itself?
9290	What did it eat?
9291	What did you do differently this time around?
9292	What did you have to do to prepare for this process?
9293	What Difference Does the Resurrection Make?
9294	What do developers really need to understand (or, perhaps, what do you want them to understand) about your system in order to use your API?
9295	What does a post-Brexit world hold for legal professionals?
9296	What does it feel like to walk into a bookshop and spot a book with your name printed on the dust jacket?
9297	What does it mean for the future of work?
9298	What does it mean to adapt religious practices to secular contexts?
9299	What does it take to be a narrator for audiobooks?
9300	What does Microsoft have against the number 9?
9301	What does she mean when she says of that closet, "Here, I am the creator, taker, and giver of life"?
9302	What does the 8½ in the title stand for?
9303	“What does this button do?” kind of thing.
9304	What does this lack of follow-through say about Ken as a husband, as a father, and as a son?
9305	What do you do when you realize your boyfriend is a killer?”
9306	What do you think of brazilian jiu jitsu as a work-out?
9307	What do you think of Oliver’s video?
9308	What effect does their religion have on the way others in the community see them?
9309	What else can you tease about next season?
9310	What else is there to grouch about these days?
9311	What else should we be teaching our boys, and how?
9312	What EMS command do you enter?
9313	Whatever, as all the other posts have confirmed, you are needed and appreciated for what you and your team do.
9314	Whatever Google’s reasoning, keeping V8 closed-source for over two years hurt JS in this sense: it meant Apple and Mozilla had to climb the JIT learning curves on their own (at first; then finally with the benefit of being able to inspect V8 sources).
9315	Whatever your voice is suited for, it’s time to take your talent seriously and get started today with Such A Voice.
9316	What had Gul Rahman done?
9317	What happens to the Islamic State’s dead—several thousand, according to Pentagon estimates—is a different matter.
9318	What Happens When You Plant a Garlic Clove?
9319	What have you all been up to since we last connected?
9320	What I also don’t understand is with these high prices, why doesn’t the menu say where the ingredients are from?
9321	What if some dude was out there saving all your data then tried to sell it back to you?
9322	What if you don't want this search bar?
9323	What if you want to iterate over numbers in reversed order?
9324	What I mean by the former is I endeavor to follow the teachings of Jesus in the way I live my life without the pretense of religion or church.
9325	What I'm trying to distill this down into is words that you need today to be able to search for the answers that you need.
9326	What is a business credit score?
9327	What is an Alias RIC?
9328	What is deprecated?
9329	What Is Gastrointestinal Transit?
9330	What is happening to the U.S.?
9331	"What is he going to do to rectify this with Diamond and Silk?
9332	What is more, SIX SIS Ltd has scored a global first by extending the GCselect mechanism beyond bonds to include shares as well.
9333	What is On-Demand Manufacturing?
9334	What is perhaps most alarming about this escalating war of ideas is that the violent extremist group appears to be winning, or at least holding its own, with Western governments struggling to effectively counter the recruiting campaign.
9335	What is the best way to add white space at the top of the page?
9336	What is the best way to preserve and cultivate these important cultural institutions for decades to come?
9337	What Is the Difference Between Money Market Accounts and Savings Accounts?
9338	What is the difference between WAN and LAN in IP storage networking?
9339	What is the policy on hiring people with background issues?
9340	What is the Wholesale Marketplace?
9341	What is the work environment and culture like at SAP?
9342	What is Thought in England of the Capture of New-Orleans.
9343	What I Wish Everyone Knew About Anemia.
9344	What kind of “reset” button is that?
9345	What kinds of hobbies or interests occupy your time when you aren't writing?
9346	What kind words!
9347	What makes it unappealing is when there’s no story or no spirit within that frame, when it doesn’t help the subject, when it’s brown gloopy gloppy mess photographed without finesse or intent.
9348	What matters is that you start, and that you keep on going—and learning.
9349	What may seem like a minor simple change that would help tons of users may actually be a huge pain in the ass that no one would use besides you.
9350	What might be news to you, however, is that your current creditors are allowed to continue checking your credit long after your account has been opened.
9351	What on earth is going on here?
9352	What other steps would you advise to prepare for a disaster?
9353	What’s especially tricky about this advice is that though it’s awkward and terrible, it’s also key in moments of severe inspiration deficit.
9354	What should Dallas do as a city to feed the hunger for more walkable, urban lifestyles?
9355	What skills did it take?
9356	What's one song you always have to play when you're DJing a party?
9357	What’s the best nickname for a big, satisfying sandwich: Sammich, sammie, or sando?
9358	What’s the clearest route to discovering yourself?
9359	What stopped people was the Gallitelli reputation.
9360	What strains have you been into lately?
9361	What’s worrying you when you’re running so many cloud solutions?
9362	What that has to do with Apple may be entirely temporary.
9363	What the authors do is they highlight the fact this is an initial trial of only 21 patients, and it needs to be confirmed on a larger trial, so I'm glad you picked this.
9364	“What the post-hoc analysis seemed to indicate is that people like to choose low-calorie, improved products, but don’t like the standard to be taken away,” Black said.
9365	What these sorts of results show us is that early life and the neonatal period can plausibly be a time when suboptimal environments can eventually show up as disease later in life.
9366	What they actually do is enable cable companies to jack up rates while keeping advertised prices steady.
9367	What they cannot LOGICALLY do is use a bigoted religion to justify bigotry, then claim they aren't bigoted.
9368	What traditions and stories are passed down through these names?
9369	What type of frosting do they use?
9370	What was notable was that the right-wing pages almost never used mainstream news sources, instead pointing to other highly partisan sources of information.
9371	What we did was we said if we get one customer, we’re going to service that customer so good that that customer will then tell their friend.
9372	What we may not know is that they are hard of hearing and don’t realize they are loud.
9373	What we really can’t wait to find out is if Apple uses special materials for a high-end iPhone Edition, like it did with the Apple Watch Edition, and also what colors the new iPhone will sport.
9374	What you can do, however, is avoid using JS animation frameworks for everything and read up on what triggers paints and layouts.
9375	What you claim to be sarcasm is merely you lashing out in expression of immaturity.
9376	What you hear is telepathic theater.
9377	When 3.1 comes you know it’s going to be superb.
9378	When al dente, toss into the bowl, mix well, and check for salt and oil.
9379	When a new user hits your site, you want to do everything in your power to reduce friction.
9380	When another orders a hot dog, a panting dog with a fan is served.
9381	When a stranger arrives in town claiming to be writing a book about the history of the region, rumors swirl that he actually has secret designs to take over the convent's Elizabethan manor house.
9382	When a virus sends such a link or file, no record of the item shows up on your friend's side of the conversation.
9383	When Brendan Eich created JavaScript in 1995, he intended to do Scheme in the browser.
9384	When cereal just won't cut it, start your day the gourmet way.
9385	When companies discuss leads, the conversation often revolves around how to increase their number.
9386	When Detective Chief Inspector Thomas Nightingale learns Grant can see ghosts, he recruits him for his mysterious one-man task force, a unit that handles crime involving supernatural creatures.
9387	When domain names are not in use, their owners have the option of selling them in what is called the “domain aftermarket.”
9388	When do they increase rates?
9389	When dynamically creating game objects at runtime, if they do not need to be children of the spawner for the above reasons, spawn things at the root of the scene.
9390	When Em turned six months a couple weeks ago it felt like a literal weight being lifted off my chest.
9391	When encountering an error, multer will delegate the error to express.
9392	Whenever a device joins or leaves a bridge port, an informational message is displayed on the console.
9393	Whenever she visits, we always sleep in the same bed because, duh?
9394	Whenever there is a need for accessing resources in a different forest, administrators have to configure trust.
9395	Whenever you create a new project in Xcode, you’ve probably noticed the “OS X” section.
9396	When everything in your life is going swimmingly but you’re bed-bound and Googling “how to make a hangman’s noose,” not so normal.
9397	When her daughter is born, Anna starts hearing a voice in her head that may suggest the supernatural or the divine.
9398	When he stood trial in 1982, an FBI analyst called Michael Malone testified that hairs found on the body of the murder victim – a Georgetown University student called Catherine Schilling – were consistent with Donald Gates’ hairs.
9399	When he told them, “Um, I’m French, not American” they said it didn’t matter.
9400	When he was 18, researching a school project, he discovered that three different newspapers had three different accounts of how and where his father died.
9401	When his boss refused to fire him, she fired his boss.
9402	When I asked her what was her favorite dish, she paused for a moment then said the red beans and rice, warning me that they came a bit sweet.
9403	When I do eat I don’t eat much and then a few hours later I’ll be hungry again but I won’t especially if I’ll eat dinner and be hungry around ten and I’m trying to sleep but can’t.
9404	"When I first came up with the idea behind Suravi, a common comment was 'how does she know she's a lesbian if she's blind?'
9405	When I first heard about that, I initially thought it was some good-for-nothing lay-about who spent more time reading articles from the Whirled Nut Daily website in his mother's basement than he did looking for a job to pay for room and board.
9406	When I first started performing running drills, I felt silly.
9407	When I look back at my work (sometimes), or read it out loud at events (rarely!) there is always some little thing I would change.
9408	When I made it to the top, I stood quietly, closed my eyes, and told myself that as a survivor of colonization, I must continue to take on the task of fighting for justice.
9409	When I open my page in PC, the picture in main slider is large enough to fill almost all the screen.
9410	When I picture a solid parent theme, I think of a theme that’s flexible, but also unique and well defined.
9411	When I quit my job and don't have anything else to do, I'll fix everything.
9412	When it comes to an analysis like this, my mind immediately jumps to Microsoft Excel.
9413	When it comes to building a sustainable video business, the quality of your plays is vital.
9414	When it comes to buying online, more than 11 percent of ecommerce shoppers use a table or smartphone regularly, while 40 percent of online buyers are influenced by social media posts, according to Quantzig.
9415	“When it comes to igniting sustainable innovation, we believe in the power of collaboration.
9416	When it comes to managing and motivating employees too much data might be a bad thing.
9417	When it comes to the former, make sure you're earning what you're actually worth.
9418	When it comes to this issue, you guys only see those evil people who want to unjustly provide health insurance and fair wages to a sector of the workforce dominated by women and minorities, all renters and all living close to poverty.
9419	When it comes to working as a stylist, knows a thing or two about scoring her dream job.
9420	When it did stop ringing, it usually meant his wife was on the phone with someone (they didn't have call waiting).
9421	When it first appears, symptoms of the sexually transmitted bacterial infection syphilis include a painless sore on your penis, vulva, anus, rectum, lips, or mouth called a chancre.
9422	When it first arrived, it was a but roomy, but after a turn in the washer/dryer, it is perfectly fitted.
9423	When I think about it I can’t believe how many years I was in the middle of it.
9424	When it receives this data, FCM builds an XMPP stanza to send to the app server, adding some additional information about the sending device and app.
9425	When it’s time for re-entry, Donna Jean Godchaux wails as though birthing the chorus’s reprise from her very loins, and one is overtaken in ecstasy by the feeling of having emerged triumphant following a journey into the unknown.
9426	When it’s time to wake up, a gentle, silent, vibrating alarm wakes you at the optimal time.
9427	When it was introduced last year, the came out of nowhere and shook up the market in more ways than one, to reign supreme in the (budget) market.
9428	When I use your action and set author always to my own account I see my own posts.
9429	When I was a kid I hated these.
9430	When I was a kid, I used to sing all the time.
9431	"When I was younger I was absolutely fascinated by the stories of the early polar explorers and mountaineers.
9432	When Jessie finally discovers the truth about Nelle and her father’s death, it unlocks a dark, painful secret.
9433	When Juan says, “In the moonlight, black boys look blue!
9434	When levels are low, the hypothalamus in the brain produces a hormone known as thyrotropin releasing hormone (TRH) that causes the (located at the base of the brain) to release thyroid stimulating hormone (TSH).
9435	When Malcolm opens the trailer door after he closes the wormhole, the glass in the door is the wrong way around as it spells T.I.N.U from the outside.
9436	When my company, NexTec, was in the market for new accounting software (also known as an ERP…
9437	When only at a half billion "dumb f*cks" at the time, here Z-Man (aka Mr. Zuckerberg) is lampooned liking every object on the planet, in essence to lay claim for future advertising revenues.
9438	When order fulfillment is outsourced with a competent provider, such as Ottawa Logistics, business owners simply don’t have to spend unnecessary time worrying about shipping orders.”
9439	When people with money, people who matter, think of the Other, they think of aliens who have been dead for 1,500 years.
9440	When performed daily for at least 20 minutes, singing can help tighten your muscles.
9441	When philosophers do try to take the historical view, their efforts are ham-handed, the work of individuals who have neither the instinct, nor the sensitivity, nor the training necessary for the insightful historical work.
9442	When Pintrill opened its flagship location, one of the ways the brand encouraged fans to check out their storefront was with their massive vintage pin collection.
9443	When playing a game, the Xbox One is also constantly recording video to a temporary file, but unlike the PS4, the buffer is only 5 minutes.
9444	When reacting to a threat, most animals react in one of two ways: They go still and slow their heart rate, or their heartbeats accelerate to prepare for a speedy retreat.
9445	When reconstituted, ZOSTAVAX is a semi-hazy to translucent, off-white to pale yellow liquid.
9446	When searching online for hotel rooms, especially through deal sites, travelers can easily be taken in by the deceptively low advertised rates without realizing that there’s more to the cost…
9447	When she starts to unravel her grandmothers past Avery starts to come into her own.
9448	When shopping for your olives, look for California Green Ripe Olives.
9449	When someone sits down with a mystery, they know the crime will be solved.
9450	When the family moves from New Mexico to Washington, DC her mother vanishes, and Tillie turns to outsiders for support and encouragement until she uncovers her father's treachery.
9451	When the fronts seats are positioned…
9452	When the van arrives, word spreads fast about the nighttime movies on a screen atop the van.
9453	When they are just coming together, serve on hot toasted bread.
9454	When they're not using traffic to crack open nutswater displacement puzzles better than a five-year-old kid.
9455	When they said, "Does it buzz?"
9456	When this billionaire BAD boy crosses whips with a delicious dominatrix, sparks and clothing fly!
9457	When to step right and let the iRobot Roomba 415 pass under the bed.
9458	When Tracy Falco enlisted designer Aaron B. Duke to make over her 1951 home in Los Angles’s Nichols Canyon, the film-producer-turned-new-technology-entrepreneur was insistent on one thing in particular: that the 2,200-square-foot house be dog-friendly.
9459	When two Dutch boys share a Sinterklaas gift, Battle School is rocked by the discovery of a loophole: religion isn't allowed, but Santa Claus and gifts are not religious.
9460	When viewing rehab as a therapeutic retreat, addicts will find private exclusive programs in cities outside of Minotola, New Jersey.
9461	When we confuse the paramount truth of the indwelling Spirit, we devalue the finished work of Christ and his clear teaching about the indwelling gift of the Holy Spirit.
9462	When we do that, we'll see that Snort will display some statistics for us.
9463	When we walked in, the hostess said, "Oh I remember you.
9464	When women are having a difficult time because of a divorce for example, in most cases they have to take care of their children by themselves.
9465	When you are finished, hit CTRL-C in your terminal window a few times to stop the Flask development server.
9466	When you are finished, you will have some ooey-gooey fruity and colorful treats.
9467	When you brought up the ATM and he declined, that would have been the moment I would have left.
9468	When you enable automatic scaling, Flex optimizes the way it displays the application for the screen density of each device.
9469	When you present something as a rare commodity, it is human nature that people will suddenly want to have it!
9470	When your code requests a listener for a mouse event, the framework attaches a similar touch or pointer event as needed.
9471	When your dog understands that silence works well to get your attention, she won’t feel as motivated to whine.
9472	When you're doing a real-life programming project, you're not writing code as an aide to learning some concepts/knowledge; you're trying to produce an engineering product.
9473	When you start to pull out facts and figures, hyperlinks and quotes, you are actually making the opponent feel as though they are even more sure of their position than before you started the debate.
9474	When you work on building your web content, below are eight tips to consider.
9475	Where are the stairs relative to the main hallway?
9476	Whereas they, the petty thieves who have to do with ten euros or a broken TV or a computer that doesn't work.
9477	Where can you download LineageOS, CyanogenMod's replacement?
9478	Where does all this passion come from?
9479	Where does the client fit in this or the end user?
9480	Where'd you get it?" she asked.
9481	Where HDR is concerned, the EH-TW9300W’s claimed 2,500 lumens of light output is brighter than that of most true home cinema projectors in the sub-£5,000 price bracket.
9482	Where is AP1 bus after crossing Gongbei border?
9483	Where is the source information determining linux is not a "commonly affected system"?
9484	Where’s the Sex in Literary Realist Fiction?
9485	Where the original HTC Vive only had 3.5mm connections allowing you to use your own headphones or headset, the new HTC Vive Pro includes earcups built right into the design.
9486	Where there is hate, bring in love; where there is darkness, carry light.
9487	Wherever you live and whatever faction you fight for, you can be part of one globally unified front as the battle for Azeroth begins.
9488	Wherever you need to gather data, our survey software can help.
9489	Where was the mother?
9490	“Whether I’m at school or in the workshop, I can always access my files through Autodesk 360,” Heijen says.
9491	Whether it's East Asia, the Middle East or even Eastern Europe - there is an increased risk of escalation.
9492	Whether it’s Slick Cat or Willy Wonka, it doesn’t matter what factory they come from in the eyes of Lachlan Richardson.
9493	Whether they were put there by a grown up bully or their own fear of rejection or some set of absurd circumstances and grudges that need to be forgotten, already.
9494	Whether you’re exploring a new city or running around your backyard, OIS lets you capture sharper images.
9495	Whether you’re thinking of starting your online business or simply love the stories of those who have persevered to realize their own business, this glimpse into Deanna’s world will leave you cheering for her and her hard work!
9496	Whether you tweet about your business or use Facebook to let people know about special promotions, social media is a must for any successful marketing strategy.
9497	« Which Android Phone to Buy?
9498	Which datasheet is correct?
9499	Which, in the 1950s, was much more challenging literature than it might be now.
9500	Which is better, in your opinion?
9501	Which just goes to show that it's not just the big players changing the game.
9502	Which kinda makes a point in favor of copyright law.
9503	Which local food might I want to steer clear of no matter how much locals insist?
9504	Which means, “I will not be in any more debt than I already am,” he says.
9505	Which means… your character with 100 hp dies in 1.6 seconds!
9506	Which mobile OS is the most enterprise-friendly?
9507	Which of those destinations most interests you?
9508	Which one should I choose to book my flight?
9509	While adhering to this rigorous building standard, the building will maintain its historical status, yet tip its hat to post-industrial revolution good looks.
9510	While Amanda Holden's house demonstrates her lavish taste (a £9,000 bed and £2,000 fridge are among her most extravagant buys), she does mix high…
9511	While auto brand engagement on Instagram is accelerating, interactions on Facebook have stalled.
9512	While Autopilot may have failed Brown in early May, it was also a system that had once come to his rescue.
9513	While chips are great and all, there comes a time when you’re forced to take a hard look in the mirror and realize that Cheez-Its aren’t an acceptable topping for that elegant pasta you just whipped up.
9514	While debating, Clinton brought up a lot of horrible things Trump had said recently in the past and every time Trump denied them.
9515	While evaluating full-size strollers, the Good Housekeeping Institute discovers more than a quarter of those tested pose potential hazards to young children.
9516	While I agree that it can be too easy for a woman to call rape on a man, if the woman in this case was too drunk to know what she was doing she was also incapable of giving consent.
9517	While I can get the preview up and running, I'm unable to see the stream from other PCs connected to different routers.
9518	While I regret having to defend the speaker on anything, his plan for the shift was a smaller total amount over a long period in small increments of like 0.5% per year.
9519	While it might seem like a numbers game to some, this new resource availability will truly help Pluralsight and Digital-Tutors better meet the needs of creative and tech professionals all around the globe!
9520	While its really important for the people that need it, the people that need it are definitely in the minority.
9521	While I’ve spent the least amount of time interacting with Corp Dev, I’ve nonetheless maintained a highly ambivalent view of them—until very recently.
9522	While I was flattered that they consider me a prominent user, at no time was I consulted about any of this, or even asked if I wanted to participate.
9523	While jQuery offers all the event binding one may need, it can become a bit cumbersome to handle events that are only supposed to be dealt with once.
9524	While Las Vegas still handily beats Vancouver in annual visitor volume (42.9 million vs. 10 million), the Las Vegas Convention and Visitors Authority might be slightly envious about those trend lines.
9525	“While many patients have improvement of clinical signs following surgery, almost all animals will continue to exhibit some degree of upper airway obstructive signs,” a report from the University of Pennsylvania’s Ryan Veterinary Hospital.
9526	While many people in Connecticut have health insurance that they like, premiums are going up and up.
9527	While mass production has already started, production yields are lower than expected — possibly forcing Apple to move the release back.
9528	While most current phones have four rounded corners, the KEYone's top is chopped off square, like a Marine with a crew cut.
9529	While mostly hilarious, I can only imagine the pain, suffering & humiliation.
9530	While most work without issues, if you're having problems with a Kodi build or just want to remove it, read on.
9531	While my daughter sleepily ate in the dark hours of the night, I read books about mothers by Rachel Cusk and Jacqueline Rose, and too many competing reviews of Sheila Heti’s “,” by Rumaan Alam, and revisited Adrienne Rich.
9532	While network management and monitoring has been steadily improving for some time, it's far from perfect.
9533	While not knowing the intricate details of your story, I don’t have a suggestion as to what those first few sentences might be, but try and find something unique and exciting about Robin Godsen’s adventure, or circumstance, and begin your pitch with that.
9534	While police haven’t said much, lawyers for the Black family have spoken publicly about what the family says say happened.
9535	While ‘sensation seekers’ are more likely to initiate drug use, those who are highly impulsive are more likely to develop an ongoing addictive behaviour.
9536	While significant, this improvement falls short of Medicare’s national average of 60 percent of cancer patients who receive hospice care.
9537	While some brands strive to be early adopters and try out every new platform, Kate Spade has taken a more cautious approach to social.
9538	While some Disney essentials like Sleeping Beauty Castle and the "It's A Small World" ride have stood the test of time, other aspects of the park have changed over the years.
9539	While some physicians are fully embracing the use of PRP in dermatology, others remain on the fence.
9540	While some saw Delta’s husband as an enabler of this distraction, the weight gain wasn’t met with an ill response within the show, and thus was not the true reason for the mistrust surrounding McRaney.
9541	While taking the train home, Gwen decides to test the limits of the panel borders she senses, slowly reaching out and being shocked when she touches them.
9542	While tea is currently a significant part of Argentinian culture, seeds for Russian and Chinese varieties only arrived in Argentina in the 1920s.
9543	While the big advance might not have gone elsewhere, some of the bookstore display space, public-library buying, and newspaper review attention certainly would.
9544	While the cash prizes are coveted, Downs said they’re really just the icing on the cake, with far more funds raised at the forum during deals that take place out of the spotlight, sometimes over a catered lunch or in the hotel’s chic lobby.
9545	While the complex analyses above are really intriguing, try talking to some friends and see if their kids aren’t driving them nuts near the holidays.
9546	While the Constitution authorizes Congress to grant authors monopoly privileges on the commercial exploitation of their output, see U.S. Const. art.
9547	While the employee handbook is good in theory, I’m curios about the manager’s handbook.
9548	While the hopefully discovered most fascinating person talks, I tape, listen, and watch.
9549	While the interplay between his inspirations is impressionistic (you have to mine interviews and press materials to explicitly uncover Barnes’ inspirations) the tension created by the music is easy to grasp.
9550	While the lives of all women smokers are at risk, post-menopausal women and women on birth-control pills lead the pack in succumbing to smoking-related diseases that can go on to cause death.
9551	While the poetry is not the best I've ever read, it works for the topics being covered.
9552	While there are no hard rubrics for the ideal credit utilization ratio, it’s often thought that using more than 30% of your credit (across all credit accounts) is not seen favorably.
9553	While there have been cost overruns ever since the first modern Olympics in 1896, the recent explosion of the mega-event industry has exposed planners to new pressures and temptations.
9554	While there is no solvent to loosen the mortar or epoxy, some concerted prying with thin tools like putty knives or chisels may pull the bullnose away without too much damage.
9555	While there is plenty that cities can do, national governments must still take the lead – providing legal and regulatory frameworks and guidance.
9556	While the restaurant does not yet have a building permit, if approvals go through, it will be located at 10935 S.W. 68th Pkwy.
9557	“While the Sentinel program was designed to fill a gap in FDA’s ability to track unsafe drugs, the initiative has spiraled into an unreliable mechanism for the agency to maintain the appearance of doing its job,” DeLauro said.
9558	While the soup warmed up on the stove, I made a one-bowl, two-fork salad to share.
9559	While the Supreme Court did not comment on why it denied the appeal, the earlier dismissal argued that it’s unclear if Facebook’s ad program violated California’s law and that the settlement offers more protection than was previously in place.
9560	While the use of language honors the time period, the author is careful to avoid the phonetic quagmire that ensnares lesser writers of the period, allowing the colorful idioms to shine.
9561	While they all have the company in mind, they also have personal goals for their personal lives and careers.
9562	While this is conceptually easy from an English viewpoint, detecting these boundaries in more pictorial languages -- such as Chinese, Arabic, or Hebrew -- is not so easy.
9563	While Tinder gives your child an opportunity to communicate with suspicious and strange people without your knowledge, you need a powerful tool to protect them from all possible Internet dangers and predators.
9564	While today this would be called insider trading, there was no law against it in eighteenth century France, and Voltaire soon went from reasonably wealthy to “Mr.
9565	While Twitter is, in the majority, an open network, where everything you tweet is added into the wider, global conversation, Facebook's more private, more aimed at hosting discussions among your immediate connections and networks.
9566	While video offers a lot of marketing muscle, it’s not always the easiest technique to master or manage.
9567	While we’re all aware of the emotional, physical, and mental affects of stress, we wanted to lea.
9568	While we’re not completely primal yet (we’re close), we do see the benefits of the primal lifestyle and we hope that those primal choices will help us live a long healthy life.
9569	While you can get creative with your titles and headlines, don’t damage your credibility by creating clickbait titles.
9570	While your company may not make you rich, or last a lifetime, it will definitely enhance your being if you choose to let it.
9571	Whisk the egg whites and cream of tartar into soft peaks.
9572	White and a couple of his readers went digging for who was actually behind these threats and found, unsurprisingly, that it was someone at the Rieders Travis law firm, as all the emails were sent from the same originating IP address.
9573	White House press secretary Sarah Sanders said the president indeed felt Manafort had been treated unfairly.
9574	Who are the health experts in your community?
9575	Who Are the Las Vegas Shooting Victims?
9576	Who could forget those iconic brows.
9577	Who else could it possibly have been other than Mr. Lee Child, along with his wonderful assistant Maggie and some other people I did not know sitting at a table in a restaurant just off the concourse.
9578	Who is providing &/or Where can I go to buy the Samsung Galaxy S7 Out right ONLINE; if poss?
9579	Who knew smart assistants could offer such great day-to-night advice?
9580	Who knows how long they’d be waiting for a rider in the middle of downtown?
9581	Who knows how those things get arranged in the first place, eh?
9582	Who knows, maybe someday there’ll be a PHOENIX NOIR II.
9583	Wholesale Halloween Costumes offers over 4,000 different costumes and accessories in the latest styles and from the hottest licenses including Disney, Marvel, Nickelodeon, Barbie, Star Wars, Superman, Universal, Playboy, and so many others.
9584	Whole wheat couscous (semolina's healthier and more flavorful cousin) steams in just five minutes!
9585	Who needs cookies when you can (safely) just have the dough?
9586	Who needs policies when you have enemies?
9587	Who really knows your audience – publishers or walled gardens?
9588	Who should and shouldn't pursue it?
9589	Who's posting the pictures?
9590	Who's the "great unifier" Sarek refers to?
9591	Why Are Cannabis Shops in Holland Called Coffee Shops?
9592	Why Are Insurance Companies Losing Policyholder Satisfaction?
9593	Why are we still shedding our soldiers’ blood for pedophiles?
9594	Why can't a developer be out to make a bit of money to support the App Store's obsession with 99 cent apps.
9595	Why can't she have an experience that's customized for her when she buys a car?
9596	Why can’t the president do that once a year?
9597	Why Did Fox Accept Disney’s Offer Over Comcast’s Reportedly Higher Bid?
9598	Why didn't you immediately go over there?
9599	Why do multiple raster processing tools fail with this DEM?
9600	Why don't you try Vaishali Ghaziabad.
9601	Why don't you wait for reviews.
9602	Why do you think the author chose to include the Afterword?
9603	Why is he pointing and reappointing these people surrounding him and surrounding himself with these people –
9604	Why is my Linux instance not booting after I changed its type to C5 or M5?
9605	Why is YouView better than Freeview?
9606	Why mess around with Catholicism when you can have your own customized religion?
9607	Why no nationwide outcry and movement then?
9608	Why Our Brains Get Addicted to the Internet (and How to Avoid It)Why Our Brains Get Addicted to the Internet (and How to Avoid It)Why Our Brains Get Addicted to the Internet (and…
9609	Why someone would have compiled a visual dictionary of depictions of herbs in German woodcuts, 1545-1625 is almost as much of a mystery as to why Bloodstone would need to consult it.
9610	Why such a high star-power get-together?
9611	Why thank you, Lisa.
9612	"Why the Frozen-Food Aisle Is Hot Right Now,"
9613	Why would anyone endorse applying this product to one's head?
9614	Why would matching a field to a wildcard value only bring back null values?
9615	Why would you even consider trading the Model-View-Controller pattern for the Model-View-ViewModel pattern?
9616	Wiki helped me figure out the part about the first tiramisu not containing alcohol.
9617	Wildflowers in the Carrizo Plain National Monument near Taft, Calif., during a wildflower superbloom, April 5, 2017.
9618	Wildly suspenseful, structurally daring, rich in detail and soul, Doerr’s new novel is that novel, the one you savor, and ponder, and happily lose sleep over, then go around urging all your friends to read—now.”
9619	Will ACA help or hurt your business?
9620	Will America elect a man who would subject an employee to such abuse?
9621	William currently lives in Pune, India with his family.
9622	William Fitzsimmons has the most comforting and gentle songs, if you do not pay attention to the lyrics.
9623	Williams said the Louisiana IT team found AWS ran its workloads well and “we saw no reason to go and learn a different stack for every cloud.”
9624	WILLIAM: You don’t get people standing up and waving their arms around.
9625	Will people of color get a seat at the table?
9626	Will the Chinese people revolt at losing Google?
9627	“Will Wilder is a brand-new, refreshing, entertaining, who magically combines humor and genuine suspense.
9628	"Will you get the ingredients from her before we shop tomorrow?" asked Myra.
9629	Wim is an earthy presence in court, joking with the judges, guffawing at statements he disputes, and murmuring remarks out of turn.
9630	Windows PowerShell is a Windows command-line shell designed especially for system administrators.
9631	Windows Update has grown more insistent over the years in keeping itself up to date.
9632	Wishing you safe travels to Europe, or wherever this summer takes you!
9633	Witches and pirates, monsters and maidens, princes and princesses roamed the streets in absolute safety, pretending to scare and be scared, lugging home approximately three tons of boodle, swag, loot, and stuff at the end of the evening.
9634	With 3 years of experience building high scale WordPress.com VIP projects with GigaOM, and years of experience supporting innovative higher education web initiatives, Vasken has a unique understanding of our market.
9635	With 7 weeks off work i have been trying to research and believe i have to get off my thyroid medication.
9636	With a business degree from Georgetown under his belt, comedian Jim Gaffigan has the credentials to make serious business out of cracking people up.
9637	With a fantastic night, what could go wrong now?
9638	With a history of creating some of the most legendary studio microphones in the world, our designers and audio engineers have used their expertise to ensure that the Mikme Microphone delivers studio-grade sound.
9639	With a link back to you.
9640	With a little added butter or oil and fresh herbs, fruit purees add beguiling flavor to otherwise standard vinaigrettes.
9641	With America’s epidemic of obesity, metabolic syndrome and Type II diabetes, the smartest thing to do is head for the exits if you’re offered a nice tall glass of Pom Wonderful.
9642	With AMP technology, Google wants to drive faster mobile page loading, especially for those users still stuck on 3G speeds.
9643	With an intense pink-blue combination in color and a downright satisfying-to-watch fizzing effect, is a great option for kids who are looking for a vibrant, dynamic bath bomb – less so for adults who are looking for a calm, therapeutic bath.
9644	With a ruthless killer exposed among the small group, Nina is thrust into a deadly conspiracy involving a military veteran seeking revenge and an FBI agent desperate to prevent a catastrophic terrorism threat.
9645	With a short and stiff fiberglass blade, the Shooter Monofin is ideal for competitive swimmers who want to develop a quick and powerful butterfly kick, while improving flexibility in the feet and ankles.
9646	With both amazing speed, reflexes and fire breath, Mallen soon defeats Iron Man and fries his heart implant using an electric attack.
9647	With conventional processing methods, calculations directed at multiple output devices are time-consuming, requiring one RIP per output device.
9648	"With Digimarc's solution, our readers can seamlessly move between our print magazine and our online content without ever having to open a browser and search.
9649	With each turn of the brush, the handle shimmers with bright, saturated hues.
9650	“Within 24 hours of becoming a dad, my brain was ready to explode from all the new, funny, and frustrating things that were going on in my life,” Jui writes on his website.
9651	Within a few days the ambrotype came into the possession of Benjamin Schriver, a tavern keeper in the small town of Graeffenburg, about 13 miles west of Gettysburg.
9652	Within a minute, an alert went out to other astronomers to focus their telescopes on the patch of sky associated with the neutrino source in the constellation Orion.
9653	Within no time it achieved rapid growth and earned for itself a respectable position in the industry and the hearts of our clients.
9654	With International Museum Day approaching on May 18, let’s browse the blogs of some museums on WordPress.com — from premier art institutions to science and natural history organizations.
9655	Within the cochlea are tiny hair cells that vibrate and convert the vibrations into electrical signals.
9656	With JOD I can change my phone any time I want.
9657	With Kelley's incisive analysis of Monk, new light is shed on the man, without the negative psychological labeling or the tabloid "warts-and-all" viewpoint.
9658	With larger organizations, you may want a contact who is familiar with your company to avoid having to work with multiple representatives, retelling your story repeatedly.
9659	With lean nonprofit resources, tracking is all the more important for us since we have to make sure every dollar that goes into our paid ads is driving value.
9660	With light skeletons and wing structure supported by a single digit on each “hand,” they were adapted to flying and gliding.
9661	With low-code software development, most of the simple, repetitive development tasks that you face in traditional development are automated.
9662	“With marijuana legalization likely to occur in our state in the near future, it is critical our city plans for the public safety, health, and financial consequences involved.
9663	With motive, access, and opportunity, Nikki was their number-one suspect.
9664	With neurological disorders such as ADHD, we always seek to support the brain and the underlying causes as much as possible.
9665	With occasional rants and our favorite, a “This Old Marketing” example from the past we can learn from today, this podcast is always entertaining.
9666	With ongoing research happening at a rapid pace, it can be a difficult decision for families to make, especially for those who might not be able to afford the initial costs.
9667	With online equipment that can feed your enterprise resource planning (ERP) system information on the status of production, your staff can receive alerts of malfunctions, errors, or damaged products and respond instantly.
9668	Without consciously knowing why.
9669	Without FORTIFY, this off-by-one error (that ends up clearing one of the bytes in num) may go silently unnoticed.
9670	Without goals it’s very difficult to measure progress and improve ourselves over time.
9671	Without hardly thinking, I wrote back, "Yes, I'd love to!"
9672	Without it, the relatively easy task of placing a phone call or sending a text message anywhere in the world would become cumbersome and likely more expensive.
9673	Without that understanding of what I intend to publish I’d probably just wallow around.
9674	Without them, humanity cannot survive.”
9675	Without this vital cultural integration, the youth will be virtually unable to serve their communities and enrich them.
9676	With over a million dollars worth of new and gently used items added every single day, you’re bound to find what you want and so much more –
9677	With Paloma you read as much for her warmth as you do for her wonderful imagery.
9678	With Perera Elsewhere, she can focus more of her attention on the instruments, playing as many as she wants while keeping dance music on the cards—as an option rather than an obligation.
9679	With popular spots like South Beach, the Florida Keys and Everglades National Park nearby, students have plenty of opportunities for water sports, hiking and sunbathing.
9680	With Portal, the team was able to simply send a link to the producers of Gogglebox and Australia’s Next Top Model where they could review all the content remotely before officially joining the team.
9681	With red-feathered showgirls and an Elvis impersonator entertaining the crowds, MedMen opened its first branded store in the tourist mecca and entertainment capital of the world with classic Las Vegas flourish.
9682	With regards to Tolstoy’s classic story-telling, one will find a multitude of soirees, princes, and princesses, gossip, romance, rich families, disputes, and heartbreaks.
9683	With ships being built in locations with no shipbuilding industry, everything from guns to rope and cooking stoves to hammocks, had to be procured elsewhere and transported to the building sites, adding to delays.
9684	With Slack, you can create different communication channels, send group messages, and even break off into one-off meetings within a slack channel.
9685	With so many appealing options, I wasn’t sure what I’d pick to cook but, as the mercury climbed last week, I realized I didn’t want to eat anything very hot nor did I want to slave over a stove.
9686	With so much of my life divided and compartmentalized in different countries and continents, having all these people in the same place at the same time made me so happy.
9687	With surgical correction, normal elimination can become possible.
9688	With that in mind, here is our guide for game scores on GameSkinny.
9689	With that in mind, rookie Davis Webb, who will be dressed as the backup over Geno Smith for the first time this season, probably won't be in store for a cameo in his NFL debut, as some have speculated.
9690	With the 1 and 1/2 bonnets it was hot but not too hot for my kids.
9691	With the above command, will obviously have to be enabled and configured on the filer.
9692	With the caveat that a web server, and not a mail server as well.
9693	With the demographics of most Bing searchers closely matching Diabetes UK’s audiences, we tested using this channel alongside Google AdWords.
9694	With the internet, it’s even harder to get a handle on that stuff.
9695	With the LG G5, the important stuff is already up and on!
9696	"With the rise of SaaS technology and the cloud, marketing teams like ours shouldn't have to wait for IT to approve and implement the technologies we use to engage with our audience or customers," says Williams.
9697	With these conditions, the eye doesn't focus light directly on the retina as it should, leading to blurry vision.
9698	"With this approval, we are pleased Actemra offers an alternative delivery option to physicians and parents of children aged two or older to treat this debilitating disease."
9699	With time, you'll realize that while happy accidents can happen, it's not always the case, and you don't want to forget how to get that great combination and balance again.
9700	With triple digit growth in recent years, was ranked in the top 10 firms by funding at the US.
9701	With trying to meet the needs of a huge variety of kids (learning challenges, medical problems, emotional problems, and anything else), it is really hard.
9702	"With two players, and the underdog incentivized to launch a bribery attack to destroy their competitors, such equilibria can be disrupted, changed and destroyed."
9703	With unique clarity and a refreshing sense of humor, James Robbins confidently guides readers through the sometimes bewildering crossroads of Eastern and Western spirituality, psychology, philosophy, and science in search of new paths to self improvement.
9704	Woerner 5066 Altar Features elegant grapevine trim banding along the center brace.
9705	WOMAN: You should be ashamed of yourself.
9706	Women pray upstairs, and watch the imam deliver his sermon by live video.
9707	Women with endo often deal with comments that they don't look sick.
9708	Wonderland, in connection with other blogs and kidlit writers around the world, most proudly presents our little tribute to Dame DWJ, just over a year after her star went down to "rise upon another shore."
9709	Work began several months ago on the Sha’ar Hagai- to- Shoresh stretch of the Highway 1 upgrade, and little disturbance to traffic has occurred during the process, Katz stressed.
9710	“Working in Sweden was an invaluable experience and I enjoyed the food, nature, traditions and working freedom.
9711	Working on a flour-dusted piece of wax paper, roll out the dough 3/8 inch thick.
9712	Working out is a huge waste of energy—unless you turn your spin bike into a generator like SoDo-based company PlugOut did.
9713	Work with your agency or internal e-commerce team to determine what content, language and images are the most effective at engaging potential buyers to take the desired action.
9714	World Golf Championships-Cadillac Championship: Was T49 at the Cadillac Championship.
9715	World Golf Championships-Dell Match Play: Reached the semifinals of the World Golf Championships-Dell Match Play, losing 4 and 3 to eventual runner-up Louis Oosthuizen.
9716	World’s Finest Chocolate, Inc., is based in Chicago and has been owned and operated by the Opler family for more than 60 years.
9717	Worse: it required talents I knew I didn’t possess.
9718	Would a man have been treated that way?
9719	Would it be a good prize for those who risk their day Mr.Google?
9720	Wouldn't be able to leverage any technology, and it would be a complete cataclysmic downfall of a lot of our infrastructure.
9721	Wouldn’t you really rather skip the expensive mistakes and go right for the matches made in heaven?
9722	Would they come if we got them a hotel room?"
9723	Would you like to share a bit about what you’re working on now?
9724	Would you look at this person making sense?
9725	Would you trust her?
9726	"Would you want to date you?"
9727	Wow. don't often (read never) run into a lot of other people who have been to Thame!
9728	Wow - I really enjoyed this book.
9729	Wow Missy, all gone already!
9730	Wow these colors look so lovely on you dear Isabella.
9731	Wow, this looks so awesome ahahah I just love it!
9732	WP-Sweep is completely free and makes good use of the API.
9733	Wright makes an implicit plea for biodiversity in the poem, which begins: “The forest drips and glows with green.
9734	Wrigley’s brings together the power of two flavors in one stick of gum with the launch of new Juicy Fruit Collisions.
9735	Write down some thought-provoking questions that you can use as conversation starters if you run out of things to talk about.
9736	Writer Chip Zdarsky is best known for contributing art and high jinks to with Matt Fraction, and as anyone who follows him online can attest, the man’s a riot.
9737	Writers—don’t be afraid to start over; don’t be disheartened when you’re told you need to do so.
9738	Writers of English have been merrily “splitting” infinitives since the 1300s.
9739	Write the column!
9740	Writing also requires a mastery of all aspects of language, such that one can converse with authority to the reader and trust the reader to follow.
9741	Writing for “Buffy Season Eight” meant Vaughan worked closely with Whedon which proved to be a demanding, but immensely rewarding experience for the writer.
9742	Writing has been much more enjoyable when I just started doing what I wanted to do and not holding too strongly to all the advice out there.
9743	Writing was my passion and seemed the logical next step.
9744	Writing with an intensity and pace worthy of Donna Tartt, Jones yanks us into her characters' lives with a grip that never lets up.
9745	Wwe know you tried to fire us…but it wasn’t going that way.
9746	W. W. Keen to Frederick W. Taylor, 28 February 1913, Folder 5E (21), Frederick Winslow Taylor Collection, Stevens Institute Archives, Samuel C. Williams Library.
9747	W.W. Norton & Company has launched Norton Young Readers, its first imprint devoted to young readers.
9748	Yahoo has announced several enhancements to their continued open strategy.
9749	Ya know of course, that Sheila (Síle, Sive) is the Irish for Julia.
9750	Y'all I'm dying, Manafort created an incriminating paper trail because he needed someone to help him convert a Word doc to PDF.
9751	Yammer integrates activity streams from your other business apps to bring people, conversations, and work-related content into a single location.
9752	"Yeah, and then it gets picked up and the film—"
9753	Yeah, I don’t know why either.
9754	Yeah, it’s that simple.
9755	Years ago, people would man call centers where they spent hour after hour dialing for dollars.
9756	Yes. as a matter of fact, I just finished a painting which makes me every happy.
9757	Yes, but the consequences of bending over in defeat are far worse.
9758	Yes, David Lynch got a nomination for his directing, but MacLachlan's work provided the closest thing to glue holding this bizarre creation together.
9759	Yes, he or anyone else accused is innocent until proven guilty.
9760	Yes, it would be very nice if there were a one size fits all OS that does everything well.
9761	"Yes," one would reply.
9762	Yes, perhaps I’m hard on library staff today.
9763	Yesterday was a true test of my stamina when it comes to remaining objective and adult-like in the face of three-year-old nonsense.
9764	Yesterday was “Columbus Day” here at Type M for Murder.
9765	Yes, that’s what we often call sin.
9766	Yes, there are jerks who are part of the hockey culture but this is no different than in any sport or area of life.
9767	“Yes, there are side effects, such as blood clots or joint pain, but they might be worth it if you’re at high risk.”
9768	Yes: there is a ready-to-go custom element that will solve this problem for us.
9769	Yes, the skeleton is flying over patrons as they walk by.
9770	Yes, this dish can be made in very very many different ways, most of them amazing.
9771	Yet again, he has shown that he has the gift of alchemy.”
9772	Yet almost as soon as the young woman arrives, the lack of common ground between them deflates her enthusiasm.
9773	Yet, as we look forward to the general election, there is a second relationship that is at least equally interesting.
9774	Yet, despite market prices already eroding on the underlying collateral, AIG took no accounting losses at all.
9775	Yet, in a departure from the past, many U.S. allies have soured on U.S. leadership since Trump took office.
9776	Yet, instead of Abraham walking through the pieces, God shot his lightning bolt through on Abraham’s behalf.
9777	Yet, I still like what this book does.
9778	Yet, sometimes one has to develop, release, assess and then modify as you are running.
9779	Yet when Wilson and her husband’s siblings considered suing, they learned what the families of other fallen firefighters across the country have discovered: It’s next to impossible.
9780	Yoshimoto has gone on to be one of the biggest-selling and most distinguished writers in Japanese history, winning numerous awards for her work.
9781	You all have greatly encouraged me to take the plunge into creativity.
9782	You also can’t really even hold one without getting icing all over your fingers.
9783	You also have to feel comfortable being completely ridiculous and silly with them, with no fear of judgment.
9784	You also said: "We Lutherans see things differently."
9785	You also said, “You don’t have to strip your children of their beloved possessions to teach them order and responsibility.”
9786	“you and they fail fail to show any QUOTES from your targets.
9787	You and ZipRecruiter both agree to submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the courts in the country of your residence.
9788	You answered a few editorial queries.
9789	‘You are handsome and proud in the tradition of many of the best Mexican luchadors and I look forward to each of your articles.’
9790	You are interrupting your negative pattern.
9791	"You are not fit to be the commander in chief!"
9792	You are seemingly invited to have strong feelings about these stories, because it seems like everyone else does.
9793	You are selling nonsense.
9794	You are starting negotiations now, and you are excited and perhaps even anxious.
9795	You are the one who has to eat the salad.
9796	You can achieve anything you want.
9797	You can also adjust the brightness in the Settings app, but Control Center is a lot faster.
9798	You can also compile SASS, LESS, Stylus, and CoffeeScript, lint your code, autoprefix your CSS, and much more.
9799	You can also enjoy their Petit Madame (Gruyère Mornay, sunny egg), a mushroom tartine, and the Petit Crenn omelette.
9800	You can also find local groups in that meet up in real life to have write-ins and encourage each other.
9801	You can also get a link to other actions on a card, like for example a card attachment.
9802	You can also share book trailers in the library or in the classroom without having a social media account but the social media will help you know what trailers are new and hot.
9803	You can also skip the extended warranty, which research has found to not be worth the extra expense.
9804	You can always improve, and you can always start a new journey.”
9805	You can certainly borrow the Porsche, Robin, but Dieter has it next weekend.
9806	You can choose both the location and size of the notification, but bottom right with a small font is the default option, and seems to make the most sense to me, so I left it.
9807	You can count on the Tony winner for acting perfection on screen or on stage.
9808	You can create a ticket in https://youtrack.
9809	You can do this by sending a letter about the entry to the credit bureau and the creditor that submitted the entry.
9810	You can double-click on a screenshot to automatically jump into Markup and access different tools right in the screenshot.
9811	You can enjoy lots of extras like comfier seats and more legroom at prices starting from just £419.99 in May 2019.
9812	You can even create your own logo using a built-in with customizable fonts and icons.
9813	You can even take this to your friend group by suggesting ‘walk and talk meetups’ on weekend mornings.
9814	You can get the checklist free when you subscribe to the free Business Know-How Newsletter.
9815	You can lead, follow, or get out of the way and let your competitors (and new competitors entering your market on the wings of new technology) take away your business advantage.”
9816	You can make a priest into a tank with a mail specialization.
9817	You can measure this by followers you’ve added or lost in a certain time frame, or your engagement rate (total engagement divided by number of followers).
9818	You cannot create custom animations, use headers and footers, or integrate Excel charts.
9819	You can now drag and drop the icons to rearrange them, too.
9820	You can pick up a copy at by tables 1410 and I’ll sign them for you for free!
9821	You can purchase the new machines from the Apple online store, with stock configurations set to arrive in just a few days after purchase.
9822	You can put specific addresses or domains on the whitelist, to ensure that the spam filter never blocks them.
9823	You can read our latest impressions below, with a full review to come very soon.
9824	You can run your tests, make sure the hotfix is what you want, and merge it back into your branch to deploy to production.
9825	You can say it swoops upward in a graceful curve, that the banister is dark with years of careful oiling, that the posts are carved with a wild variety of floral motifs, that the carpet is a genuine Oriental runner, only slightly worn… Got it?
9826	You can see them in person in the Mill Valley showroom, along with our Opencase Panel system.
9827	You can share instantly to social network, and it also has support for Strava Live Segments, so you can race against your personal bests, in addition to its support for a whole gamut of ANT+ sensors for recording speed, cadence, power and so forth.
9828	You can start to see how this opens up vast opportunities for analytics that one could never dream of performing before.
9829	“You can stay low-profile, which means not saying much,” said Cohen, adding that you don’t necessarily have to stay for the entire event once your presence has been noted.
9830	You can still purchase the Mono headset which only makes calls, but if you want something a little more new and fresh, keep reading to see what we feel are the best bluetooth headsets on the market.
9831	You can test in landscape.
9832	You can't get away from them.
9833	You can then run the task by calling from the UI thread.
9834	You can then test to see if that step in some way is hampering the user experience for that group of visitors and make changes as needed.
9835	You can’t teach kids how to manage themselves online.
9836	You can turn off these features at any time.
9837	You can tweak those times or add additional restrictions.
9838	You can’t win them all.
9839	You can use a paper and pen budget system or an online tool like Mint.
9840	You can use Bower to download libraries like jQuery UI from the command line, without having to manually download each project from their respective sites.
9841	You can use "Fetch as Google" and "" in Google Webmaster Tools to have the homepage updated faster when you're sure that it's working.
9842	You could also set the paper on a table just high enough so that the toddler will have to lift up from his knees to reach the paper in a kneeling position.
9843	You could easily replicate this cake and make it look breath takingly beautiful for your own daughter.
9844	You could go back to the and open it up and read it just like you could open up and read a book that was published yesterday.
9845	You could say he was a very busy fellow, and thankfully he left this productivity legacy to help you free yourself from and the anxiety to complete all your activities within a day.
9846	You definitely feel for Zach, who is almost lost and forgotten because his parents are too wrapped up in themselves.
9847	You develop a more thorough understanding of your programs when you make your own design decisions.
9848	You do not explain the role of textual Criticism, the enormous amount of (mostly NT) material they have to work with, and how precise the translators are in their work.
9849	You do not need to run marathons or triathlons to get a significant health improvement.
9850	You do not need to save the changes for them to stick within Lightroom.
9851	You don’t need to put on a sad voice because we’re depressed; do you sneeze when you’re talking to somebody with a cold?
9852	You do the best that you can with what you know at the time, and you learn as you go along.
9853	You'd think it would be just the opposite but it isn't.
9854	You either loved them or you hated them.
9855	You even cook adorable babies.
9856	You get an iconic DM, and you’re just like, “Oh!
9857	You give up your personal information and get nothing in return.
9858	“You go to Amazon, provision virtual machines, then suddenly there’s a new policy for security,” he said.
9859	You got the right idea.
9860	YouGov recently analyzed nearly 100 non-alcoholic beverage brands to identify how the sector has evolved in the U.S. over the.
9861	"You grab your smartphone, access the Neato app and with a couple of taps your Neato robot immediately starts cleaning," Nunziati said.
9862	You guys are the yin to each others' yang: not only is this what makes your friendship work, but it keeps things spicy too.
9863	You guys can guess what happens next, don’t you?
9864	You have a choice of iced tea, iced tea, or iced tea, ladled from a cart in another corner of the market and priced at seven and a half Taiwan dollars (US$ 0.21) per glass.
9865	You have been great.
9866	You have one loudspeaker on the Galaxy A6, but unlike on most other phones, this speaker is located not on the bottom, but on the right side of the phone, right above the power key.
9867	You have pretty vulgar statements from the leap source depos.
9868	You have the opportunity to engage your community by asking questions and learning more about your customers and fans.
9869	“You have until tomorrow to cancel and after that if you fail to make the reservation, we’ll have to charge you for two lunches.”
9870	You heard a little bit in this episode from David Halpern, who runs the British government’s Behavioural Insights Team.
9871	You hold your chin up proud, weeding the grounds that are soaked in innocent blood.”
9872	“You include an item (cheese) that requires beings to be sexually abused and babies murdered!
9873	You just can't do it anymore,’” Stein recalls.
9874	You kind of have to have faith to put up with odds like that.
9875	"You know," he pointed out, "you're really not allowed to be here."
9876	You know how much I enjoy suggesting books.
9877	You know how to teach yourself the best.
9878	You know I'd love it (and you).
9879	You know it's a good meal when you're still thinking about little details days later.
9880	You know, Taika will just yell suggestions while rolling—try this, try that, and so on.
9881	You know those $3000 for 4 days cooking places they have spattered all over the US and probably more than a few in Italy.
9882	You know what you like, so don't let peer pressure convince you otherwise.
9883	You laugh and cry and sing and hug, and all the mess you're going through, all the worry and hurt back home, is easier borne.
9884	You learn how to unlock your individual potential for personal greatness.
9885	You likely know Poo-Pourri from their hilarious "Girls Don't Poop" video discussing the benefits of using their spray to trap embarrassing odors in the toilet bowl.
9886	"You'll be able to see how people have reacted to a message in the lower corner of the message.
9887	You’ll enjoy all of the core conference benefits plus a full day of pre-conference training with industry experts.
9888	You'll find more than 60,000 books throughout all the rooms, including plenty of Southern literature, rare maps, prints, and postcards.
9889	You'll have to access the MiniStation Extreme NFC with a password in the LockandGo utility if you lose the NFC card.
9890	You'll have to rush through the big sights (cathedral, Picasso Museum, Sagrada Família), having just enough time to visit each one but not to linger.
9891	You'll have to use a different username if that login has already been taken by a different Scribd member and hit 'Save' again.
9892	You’ll need to deposit at least $25 to open an account, though there are no monthly fees to worry about.
9893	You'll need to have a strong interest in current affairs, business, digital and social media to succeed.
9894	You'll quickly learn that you can't just write a jazzy narrative about how much your kids need a playground when the company is adamant about reading instruction.
9895	You’ll receive instructions via email on how to redeem your album(s) after ticket purchase.
9896	You'll see that correcting classes now can avoid frustration later!
9897	“You’ll see the donation amounts are listed in ranges: I don’t know why they did it that way, but that’s how they’re listed.”
9898	You lot are wonderful.
9899	You make a similar argument about assholes — that they might win at life but still fail as human beings.
9900	You make it work, you figure out how to properly represent your readership.
9901	You make my day on a regular basis, G,and for that you ARE a gladiator!
9902	You may also visit our sites in your browser’s "private" or "incognito" mode, in which case cookies will be set, but deleted when you close browser.
9903	You may be surprised to learn that yoga provides of these benefits with a system of exercises that can be adapted to any age or level of fitness.
9904	You may find a pitch form online or you may find nothing.
9905	You may need to arrange for day care or dog-sitting.
9906	You may notice a slow connection, but this is normal due to the distance between yourself and the VPN server.
9907	You may think that there needed to be more time for diplomacy, but that's far different from saying that there was no diplomacy.
9908	You may think you know the story.
9909	You might be thinking that winter is when you officially have to retire your outdoor furniture and move the party inside—at least until May.
9910	You might be thinking you could put flexible space on two side of an item to center it.
9911	You might not get the same results as you would if you went to a private dentist, but you can get almost any type of dental service done at a tiny fraction of the normal price.
9912	You might only want to be an affiliate.
9913	You might publish an infographic that goes viral, but if the content is too broad, those visitors won’t stick around long enough to become customers.
9914	You might want to add in additional arguments, and that has to go into the child specification.
9915	You might want to turn up the music.
9916	You must promptly provide the Agent Bank with notice of any change to your address.
9917	You must try one of their “bouchons” – their signature dessert.
9918	You need to be connected to the pace of change.
9919	You need to notice that the above mentioned flights may take off from Newark International Airport or John F. Kennedy International Airport, so please select the most convenient option for you.
9920	You need to verify or test applied system configurations against a configuration baseline defined in the DSC configuration.
9921	You pay only for resources consumed when you need them—without any interruptions.
9922	You push the wrong button somewhere while buying golf shoes on-line, and the next thing you know, you’re billed for a Today’s Special!
9923	Your application may crash if you don't extend one of our themes, or define some attributes.
9924	Your blog was my bible those first few months — without you, I never would have pulled off Thanksgiving dinner (with a whole turkey big enough for 10 of us, and all the fixins) — and lots and lots of references since.
9925	Your body can change over time, so it's likely nothing is wrong, but because many sexually transmitted diseases don't have obvious symptoms, it's better to talk to your doctor than risk your health and fertility.
9926	Your choice will depend on which set of attributes you want to retain in the user's profile.
9927	Your code is exactly what I was going for.
9928	Your common sense approach to politics is to say the least refreshing.
9929	Your curious cat can wander into a dangerous situation, but this safety feature will keep her safe.
9930	You read and look at fascinating books, you go fun places like farms, and zoos and museums, you sketch, you let your mind expand.
9931	You're a great youth services librarian and the only place to move up in your organization is a management position.
9932	You really did design your perfect trip:) Love it!
9933	You’re always inspiring to listen to.
9934	You’re better than most stuff on the radio.”
9935	You receive a notice from a recipient’s server that your email has been rejected for security reasons.
9936	You're going to jump through some hoops to get the view controller instance to work Then here, we're pulling input state directly from the view.
9937	You're in the loop for Cincinnati Bengals!
9938	Your e-mail will be forwarded to your local consumer services team who will try to answer within 48 hours.
9939	Your employees want to be responsible spenders.
9940	You're not commuting with every letter.
9941	You're stuck in a 2D mindset in a "Physical reality" while the world is moving forward towards an augmented reality the incorporates art in a three dimensional (at least) interactive medium.
9942	“You’re suddenly in this crisis mode and trying to make plans and contact another hospital in another country and book hotels and flights, and it’s not where your head should be.
9943	You're then a mere three hours from my family's cabin near Boney Falls, three hours on the two-lane US-2 that hugs Lake Michigan and leads you through towns with names like Epoufette, Naubinway, and Kipling.
9944	“Your father and I have discussed it, and Signor Vespucci is a wonderful match for you—why, he is an intimate of the Medici, in Florence!
9945	Your friends get $5 when they sign up with your invite code.
9946	Your gift will help me, my current students, and future students tremendously.
9947	‘Your Honours were referred to a passage about three-quarters of the way down the page.’
9948	Your key will have your authentication key should be unique to your device.
9949	Your kitchen friends, your HOT MESS KITCHEN friends.
9950	Your little hero will be ready for action in these slip-on sneakers sporting a Spider-Man design.
9951	Your local store may have different inventory available.
9952	Your notion that the Israeli government will not allow crazy ideas like blowing up the mosques on the Haram el-Shrif is absolutely correct as much as it goes without saying.
9953	• Your payment will be charged to your iTunes Account as soon as you confirm your purchase.
9954	Your playgrounds are bigger.
9955	Your room doesn't stop at eye level – make the most of the whole wall space and introduce some high shelving.
9956	Your school not here?
9957	Your store looks great, your products are all loaded up and ready to go, and you've set up all of your social accounts.
9958	Your tactics must change to adapt to the new special infected and the new levels that have been specially designed for them to be very effective.
9959	You run this once for 24-48 hours, probably to cook off some industrial coatings or what-not (the reason is unimportant for this answer).
9960	Your use of Atlassian Cloud is subject to the terms of the Atlassian Customer Agreement (the “”) as well as the following additional terms.
9961	Your use of our Website or Services does not constitute any right or license for you to use our service marks or trademarks without the prior written permission of Podcast Movement LLC.
9962	Your use of the Site constitutes your agreement to follow and be bound by these Terms.
9963	Your welcome, u 2 have a great time ahead.
9964	You say cake (or cupcake) when you want dessert/something decadent.
9965	You see, in a strange and vastly under-reported coincidence, I had also deleted my Instagram account on the same day.
9966	You should also be sure to have someone with you who can drive you home in case you become dizzy during the test.
9967	You should feel your fingers dig into the scalp, and really massage that skin to stimulate an increase in your circulation.
9968	You should pay close attention to the security and data retention policies.
9969	You should sit down when taking tablets and use caution when you stand up.
9970	You touched on that in the beginning, but what is the difference between a poll and a survey in Hotjar?"
9971	YouTube revealed the test plans on the Google Product Forums, where the company explained that even emerging creators and new channels will be presented in Explore, helping surface new content alongside popular offerings.
9972	You use any protein shake or you get everything from food.
9973	You use the specific INCI name for the individual ingredients.
9974	You’ve done this kind of thing before.
9975	"You've got to keep in mind what might happen performance-wise when players hoard insane amounts of items."
9976	You’ve made her a wife who feels extremely unattractive with rational insecurities who desire more than anything to keep her marriage intact.
9977	You've now created a native advanced ad unit for your app.
9978	You've recently started a really great project featuring War Dragons!
9979	You waited all year.
9980	You want the cauliflower soft, but with a firmer texture toward the middle.
9981	You want to do this slowly so you can savor it.
9982	You were counted among the dead, and You raised the dead forever.
9983	You were selling new 2.5" 3TB WD drives for $44.99 just a few months ago -- and 2.5" drives are consistently more expensive (even at the same capacity) than their 3.5" counter-parts.
9984	You will be OK just pay attention even to the littlest symptom like your legs cramping or feeling like there are spiders crawling on your cheek.
9985	You will continue to receive emails for event registration confirmation, account management, membership, purchase, and support and security notifications.
9986	You will discover debut writers to put on your radar, while enjoying early samples from some of the biggest authors in the field and even a memoir for.
9987	You will earn one point per dollar on all other eligible purchases.
9988	You will find all kinds of great equipment to choose from.
9989	You will need two pieces for every hand pie.
9990	You will then be asked which system image you want to restore to.
9991	You won't be need that part.
9992	You won't get any seeds with this method, and you don't need anything but a knife.
9993	You would expect the tropical ocean to warm less than the global average, so this represents more than 5°C global warming.
9994	You wouldn't play basketball with President Obama, you only met with him on a non-policy issue once and that was before you were F.B.I. director.
9995	Yuwa works with hundreds of girls in a disadvantaged region of Jharkhand, India – one of the poorest and least literate regions of India – to develop the skills they need to create a self-determined life.
9996	YY is the day of the month, GG is the time in Z, I is a wind indicator, with a / meaning wind information is missing.
9997	Zam3D came after that.
9998	Zoho provides access to a core CRM application alongside Zoho CRM Plus, a higher-end offering that combines sales and marketing functions to better manage customer experience.
9999	"Zora Neale Hurston’s genius has once again produced a Maestrapiece."
10000	Zumba sounds like fun!
