abstract	abstract_adj-nou	Andrzej Tarlecki: Quasi-varieties in abstract algebraic institutions.
abstract	abstract_adj-nou	Over time, the Egyptians developed more abstract perspectives on the creation process.
abstract	abstract_adj-nou	He sought to express his sense of heritage in abstract painting.
abstract	abstract_adj-nou	There are parts that are almost completely abstract, and there are parts that are little bit more live-action.
abstract	abstract_adj-nou	In the late 1970s she began working in more abstract performance and visual art.
abstract	abstract_adj-nou	He spent his leisure time at the national museum, drawing and studying the basic principles of abstract and minimalist art.
abstract	abstract_adj-nou	BIND is based on a data specification written using Abstract Syntax Notation 1 (ASN.1) language.
abstract	abstract_adj-nou	The personal style he developed during this time, using simplified forms, became increasingly more abstract.
abstract	abstract_adj-nou	Camelot was featured in Abstract Games magazine in 2001 and 2002.
abstract	abstract_adj-nou	Group theory is an abstract way of mathematically analyzing symmetries.
abuse	abuse_nou	In retaliation to this, a report into child sexual abuse in the Northern Territory was commissioned.
abuse	abuse_nou	Despite his history of child sexual abuse against her, his daughter was instrumental in nursing him in his dotage.
abuse	abuse_nou	The Making of Addiction: The 'Use and Abuse' of Opium in Nineteenth-Century Britain.
abuse	abuse_nou	Three days later, police announced that a further seven people had come forward with allegations of abuse by Ball.
abuse	abuse_nou	Ecological Risk Assessment: Use, Abuse, and Alternatives.
abuse	abuse_nou	In the hearse with Charlie he discusses the abuse he has received from his wife.
abuse	abuse_vrb	She stated in The Los Angeles Times that the relationship led her to abuse drugs, a claim Sambora denied.
abuse	abuse_nou	This led to abuse of drugs such as cocaine, which quickly escalated into addiction.
abuse	abuse_nou	The settlement was the largest settlement ever awarded for a sexual abuse case in Quebec history.
abuse	abuse_nou	Incidence of drug abuse is minuscule, compared with other industrialized nations and limited mainly to stimulants.
abuses	abuses_nou	In June 2015, Grassley introduced legislation to help protect taxpayers from alleged abuses by the Internal Revenue Service.
abuses	abuses_nou	There were reports of societal abuses and discrimination based on religious affiliation, belief, or practice.
abuses	abuses_nou	The anarcho-syndicalist periodical Solidaridad Obrera reported that: Certain abuses have been committed that we consider counterproductive.
abuses	abuses_nou	Only about 25 per cent of these women are said to have survived these daily abuses.
abuses	abuses_nou	In contrast, the humanitarian movement thought reform essential to remove abuses.
abuses	abuses_nou	The people needed more time for productive pursuits while correcting social abuses of the past.
abuses	abuses_nou	But there was nothing prudish about their concerted opposition to civil rights abuses.
abuses	abuses_nou	The tax farmers, and their interpreters and foremen, were known to be corrupt and commit abuses, especially against Aborigines.
abuses	abuses_nou	The Wolf Brigade become closely and publicly associated with detainee and other human rights abuses.
abuses	abuses_vrb	Eddie abuses alcohol and cocaine, causing him to miss rehearsals and performances as well as losing his girlfriend.
bass	bass	There are trumpets and trombones in both series and the Meister series also includes a flugelhorn and bass trumpet.
bass	bass_corp	The lake is regularly stocked with catfish, bass, bluegill, and trout during the winter months.
bass	bass	Paul Burnley (vocals), Sean Heywood (guitar), Mark Vince (guitar), Archie (bass), Stewart Baile (drums).
bass	bass_corp	Striped bass and hybrid striped bass have been stocked in the lake.
bass	bass	Jon Rozzelle (bass) -- Rozzelle was the Spongetones bassist from the summer of 1986 until the spring of 1987.
bass	bass	It has two Vintage Jazz Bass Single-Coil Pickups (stock).
bass	bass	In 2001, at the request of Billy Duffy, Morrison joined The Cult as the band's new touring bass player.
bass	bass_corp	From the rivers, estuaries and seas they harvested shad, smelts, gaspereau, cod, salmon, bass, etc.
bass	bass	He is best known for building 6- and 12-string acoustic guitars, but also builds acoustic bass guitars.
bass	bass	The melody in 3/4 time and E major is simple and regular with a wide range with a chaconne-like bass.
bass	bass	Gabrielle left the band a short time later and Aaron Britt took over as the bass player.
bass	bass	These 10-foot-long sheet metal idiophones are played with a bass bow to create low resonating tones.
bass	bass	It was there when Bruford suggested to have his King Crimson bandmate Tony Levin play bass on the album.
bass	bass	Formally, Siddharta continued their work without a bass player.
bass	bass	The lyrics accompany a "punchy octave synth figure" synchronized with a drum and bass beat.
bass	bass	In 2010, he contributed bass to the debut album by Swahili Blonde with ex-Weave!
bass	bass_corp	Fish species in the river include northern pike, crappie, smallmouth bass and carp.
bass	bass	Copying the bass lines and teaching himself the guitar.
bass	bass_corp	Striper and their hybrids, as well as white bass, are also abundant.